{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas bounded eagerly across the plains of Westfall. The tall yellow grass rustled and tickled against his sleek black fur. The wind carried the scent of the dry farmland, mixed with intriguing hints of salt water. In the east, the sun was slowly moving higher in the sky, still casting long shadows behind the occasional trees that he passed. His keen ears picked up the screech of a bird of prey overhead. Hawk, he decided.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Behind him, the four young Humans he was traveling with strode purposefully down the curving dirt road towards the village of Moonbrook. Every now and then, Elthas circled back to check on their steady progress. He relished Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s company\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had since their first encounter last year, battling troublesome sprites in the wilds of Teldrassil. The priestess had been delighted by his shape-shifting and he, in turn, had been intrigued by the enthusiastic Human. Their shared passion for adventure and exploration had led them through Darkshore, Ashenvale, and Stonetalon. Now, they had returned to her homeland, to help her sister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas paused for a moment to breathe more deeply, his tail twitching at the new and exciting scents of the unfamiliar continent. The oily smell of the field mechanisms made him sneeze, but he found the other scents of the farms to be pleasant enough. They were different from what he knew, but still natural.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Humans were close to Moonbrook, so Elthas broke from his brief contemplation to dash past them, and into the town. In the early morning, the shadows lay long between the small cottages. His black fur blended in as he carefully padded from one building to the next, senses alert for trouble. Nobody was stirring yet, which seemed a good sign. Reaching the fountain at the center of the town, he gave the streets one last look, and turned back to meet his companions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Approaching them from the direction of the town, he was amused to see their surprise. Shifting quickly out of feline form, he reported, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The town seems empty so far. Nobody stirring from here to the fountain.\u8221\'94 He noticed Kamery\u8217\'92s eyebrows raise above her bandanna, and she gave him an appraising look. He smiled down at her, the expression feeling odd on his face; he was far more familiar with the open grin of the panther, although he understood that some people found that disconcerting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With no immediate threats, he decided to walk alongside them for a while. Entering the town, the group was more alert now, despite his assurance. Raynn unslung her shield from her back, settling it on her left arm. With her right, she drew her sword with a practiced maneuver. Kamery also drew her daggers, their edges gleaming a sickly green. He reminded himself not to breath too deeply around her when he shifted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn looked more alert, although she was still holding her staff loosely at her side. Bryna was the only one who appeared unperturbed, strolling easily through the town, her staff nowhere in sight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Elthas suspected that she had somehow stowed it in her backpack. Magical bags were not uncommon, but fitting an entire staff in one was tricky. He knew, as he had tried it himself a few times, before he had mastered shifting his staff as part of him. The heavy wooden weapon became an extension of his body, lending its weight to his paws.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They passed through the still-sleeping town, meeting no resistance. As they entered the dilapidated barn that Kamery had described, Elthas dropped back into panther form. The cat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s keen vision took in the meager piles of hay on the rough stone floor, and the staircase leading upwards, exactly as Kamery had drawn on her map. Moving away from the group, Elthas breathed deeply, but smelled only moldering hay and rotting wood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He padded softly up the stairs, feeling Kamery next to him, her steps just as silent as his. His ears twitched in appreciation. Together, they leaped lightly down into the tunnels below. Behind them, the other Humans followed, and Elthas winced at the clatter of Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s plate boots. They wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to confront the Defias leader alone though, so the sound was an unfortunate necessity. As they progressed further down the tunnel, the rhythmic tapping of the mining operation reached them, covering any sounds they were making. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coming out into an open area, they stood unnoticed for a moment, observing the bustle of activity. Gnolls grunted as they pushed heavy mine carts filled with raw ores further down the tunnels. Kobolds wielding pickaxes cut away at the sides of the chamber, overseen by a handful of Human Defias ruffians, in their signature red bandannas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Amateurs,\u8221\'94 mumbled Raynn, as she watched the miners.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Intruders!\u8221\'94 A shout went up from one of the overseers, as they were spotted. The kobolds and gnolls scattered into the deeper tunnels, but four of the Defias surged forwards, drawing rapiers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93King\u8217\'92s business!\u8221\'94 Raynn shouted. \u8220\'93Surrender, and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 She didn\u8217\'92t get to finish as the attackers were on her. Her shout had served its purpose though, drawing their attention to her. The single-minded focus gave Elthas a chance to slip around behind them, and he spotted Kamery doing the same, her wicked dagger poised.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Adrenaline surged through him as he stalked his prey. The words of his druidic masters flowed though him, a soothing balm, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Embrace your instinct; use it. Do not become it.\u8221\'94 Silently, Elthas pounced, his claws raking at his target\u8217\'92s unprotected back. The Human cried out in pain and spun towards him. A solid blow of Raynn\u8217\'92s shield on his now-exposed side quickly pulled his attention back to the warrior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sword and shield seemed extensions of her body, as she used both for offense and defense. With her measured attacks and occasional taunts, she effectively held their opponents\u8217\'92 attention. Carolyn\u8217\'92s healing spells suffused the group with warm energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas was aware of Kamery beside him, her daggers working more strategically than his claws, finding weaknesses in their opponents, and spreading their poisons. A chill made him shiver as Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spells landed. A flash of white cloth in the corner of his vision alerted him to Carolyn\u8217\'92s presence. The priestess had a strange affinity for physical attacks, laying about herself with her staff. She was quite adept at it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of their opponents, sensing a less-protected target, turned on her, thrusting his rapier to disembowel Carolyn. It would have, but it glanced off of a shimmering shield of holy energy that surrounded the priestess. Surprise almost made Raynn miss her next block, and Carolyn shot her a disapproving look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t make me heal you now,\u8221\'94 the priestess chastised. Elthas saw the warrior\u8217\'92s eyes widen in disbelief as she automatically parried the next strike aimed at her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 Raynn demanded, ducking under another wild swing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn shrugged, and swung her staff again, striking one of the Defias in the chest, knocking the wind out of him. Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s claws took advantage of the distraction to finish the Human off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You block too well.\u8221\'94 Carolyn made the compliment sound like a complaint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the fight ended, their unyielding opponents falling, the group stood for a moment, catching their breath. Elthas sat back on his haunches, licking the blood from one paw. His shining eyes watched in amusement as Raynn turned to Carolyn with an incredulous look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was dangerous!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn met the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ire with calm stubbornness. \u8220\'93Nobody needed healing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn heaved a sigh, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was just a skirmish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what I\u8217\'92m doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna broke the tension, interjecting, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It would be nice if they all just surrendered, but it doesn\u8217\'92t seem they\u8217\'92re going to make this easy on us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery shook her head ruefully. Carolyn whispered one last spell, a determined look on her face that Elthas knew well. Their opponents may be obdurate, but Carolyn, beneath her beatific demeanor, was just as unyielding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wide central chamber was deserted now, and they made their way over to the large steel door at one end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suspect their main operation is in here,\u8221\'94 Kamery speculated. \u8220\'93Perhaps we should check the side tunnels though?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas padded over to the rogue, and nudged her hand with his head. He could speak in his panther form, but it took effort. Luckily she understood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gesturing to the other three, Kamery instructed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay here, Elthas and I will scout.\u8221\'94 She smiled down at the druid. He nodded and quietly made his way over to the first tunnel.}}