{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin Wrynn emerged from the swirling darkness into a realm unlike any he had known. The air buzzed with strange energies, and the scent of exhaust mingled with the crisp freshness of the surrounding pine trees. Before him stood a vast expanse of snow-covered landscape, and the cold hit him like an icy breath.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin's gaze shifted from the unfamiliar surroundings to the people nearby, bundled in heavy coats and hurrying about their daily lives. He felt a disorienting mix of awe and confusion as he observed the modern world unfolding before him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A passerby, noticing Anduin's perplexed expression and regal attire, approached cautiously. "Hey there, are you okay?" The stranger's breath formed a mist in the chilly air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin, still adjusting to the abrupt shift, replied with a polite nod. "I am well, thank you. But I find myself in a place unfamiliar to me. Can you tell me where I am?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stranger chuckled, assuming Anduin's inquiry was part of a playful act. "You're in Canada, my friend. Must be quite the immersive medieval experience you've got going on."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Canada? The name meant nothing to Anduin, and the notion of a "medieval experience" only deepened his bewilderment. "Canada," he repeated, the word feeling foreign on his tongue. "I assure you, kind stranger, this is no act. I am truly lost."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The passerby's bemused smile shifted to a more sympathetic expression. "Lost, huh? Well, welcome to Canada. If you need any help finding your way, just ask around. People here are friendly."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin nodded, gratitude in his eyes. "Thank you. Your assistance is most appreciated. May the Light guide me in this unknown land."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the stranger continued on their way, Anduin stood alone, contemplating the unfamiliar surroundings. The distant hum of traffic and the muted sounds of a modern world surrounded him. In this moment of solitude, he couldn't help but wonder how he had arrived in this strange place and what awaited him in this uncharted corner of Azeroth's mysterious tapestry.}}