{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Excitement surged through him as Elthas ran a circle around the Stormwind Park. The druids at the Park had been pleasant. They had enjoyed hearing his news of Kalimdor. In turn, they had shared their own observations of the Human lands. Although they hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been able to teach him anything themselves, they had suggested that he was ready to learn a new form from his trainers back in Darnassus. A new form! The thought made him add leaps of joy to his stride. He heard a laugh from the center of the Park. He knew that the older Kaldorei were amused by his enthusiasm, but he didn\u8217\'92t care. A new form!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But first, he had to get back to Darnassus. That thought slowed him to a contemplative walk. He knew that there were boats to Auberdine, but they traveled from Menethil Harbor, and he only had a vague idea of where that was. Carolyn had told him of her trip, but it had been a blur of unfamiliar place names. Deeprun Tram, Ironforge, Loch Modan, Wetlands\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85he had no idea where any of those places were.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He would have to find a mage then. Perhaps he could find Bryna again. He had seen which direction the Humans had gone in. Perhaps their scent hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t faded yet. Mind made up, Elthas quickly thanked the druids of the Park, and trotted back to the bridge to the Mage Quarter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The familiar scents were faint, but still there. Opening his senses, he followed the trail into the narrow passage. Tall buildings rose on either side of him, seemingly built at random, with the pathway between them winding and turning unexpectedly. The grass was soft under-paw, at least, he reflected, choosing to dwell on the positives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A sudden miasma of unpleasant aromas wafted over him, making his whiskers twitch and droop. Shaking his head to clear it, he instinctively turned away from the source, a lively looking inn bearing a sign proclaiming it to be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91The Slaughtered Lamb.\u8217\'92 They did more than slaughter lambs there, Elthas thought, disapprovingly. There had been some distinctly Fel elements in that scent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the Lamb disappeared around a bend, he returned to his mission. Luckily, the Humans had gone this way also, and he was able to pick up their trail again. His nose close to the ground, he entered into a wide open area, almost as big as the Park had been, but this one had a massive tower in the middle of it, rather than a fountain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skirting a group Human mages who were deep in a discussion of ley lines, he followed the trail as it turned in to a shop. Shifting out of feline form, he pushed open the sturdy wooden door and, ducking his head, entered the warm atmosphere of the shop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there, he noticed immediately, but Bryna was. The mage was engaged in an animated conversation with the shop keepers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 about silk, not ley lines. Elthas felt that that wasn\u8217\'92t much better, but in any case, the conversation ended when they noticed him enter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taking in his rugged leather leggings and vest, the shopkeeper frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 the man offered apologetically, \u8220\'93the leather worker is\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dad,\u8221\'94 Bryna interrupted, \u8220\'93this is Elthas!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking between the three, Elthas could see the family resemblances. He thought of his own parents. His father had been asleep in the Emerald Dream since just before his birth; he had never met the druid, but held hope that someday he would join him. Although, perhaps not anytime soon. The Emerald Dream didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sound very interesting. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His mother was a Sentinel, and had been sent to Astranaar a decade ago. He had already begun his druidic training by then, and hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seen her again until a few months ago. He and Carolyn had worked with her briefly during their adventures in Ashenvale, but she had been distant and businesslike. Nothing like the warmth he sensed between Human families.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s parents smiled, welcoming him. They drew him into the family huddle, asking about his and Bryna\u8217\'92s adventures together. He was happy to honestly tell them how calmly she handled herself in battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What brings you here?\u8221\'94 Bryna finally asked. \u8220\'93Carolyn\u8217\'92s gone to the Cathedral.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He nodded, and gave her a smile, telling her, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m actually here for you. I need to go back to Darnassus.\u8221\'94 He couldn\u8217\'92t keep the excitement out of his voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hat tipped back as she looked up at him. \u8220\'93Back to Darnassus? Well, alright.\u8221\'94 She began to gather arcane energy in her hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait,\u8221\'94 Elthas interrupted, thinking of Carolyn, his companion over the past year. He couldn\u8217\'92t just leave like this. \u8220\'93I want to say goodbye to the others.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mother gave her daughter a look that said that this wasn\u8217\'92t the first time the mage had overlooked goodbyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go.\u8221\'94 Her father shooed the pair to the door. \u8220\'93The shop will be here when you get back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whenever that is,\u8221\'94 his wife added with a wry smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a grin at her parents, Bryna followed Elthas out of the door. Dropping back into feline form, he followed the mage through the winding pathways of the Mage Quarter back to the canals. The route was shorter than the way he had come in, and they came out in a different spot, out of view of the Park, and thankfully not passing the pungent Slaughtered Lamb again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna led them easily along the canals, crossing two of the ubiquitous bridges, and into the Cathedral Square. As they walked, she asked him why he wanted to return to Darnassus. Wanting to keep the new form a surprise, he responded only, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Training.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the Cathedral Square, Elthas picked up another familiar scent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Kamery had been here recently. The rogue was nowhere in sight now though, and neither was her sister. Disappointment made his tail droop as he looked up at the imposing Cathedral. The Light and Nature often worked in unison, and he enjoyed pairing his healing with Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, but there was something about this rigid stone building that disquieted him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna seemed to pick up on his feelings, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll see if she\u8217\'92s still here.\u8221\'94 She jogged up the short flight of stairs and into the building. Prowling about the Square, Elthas tried to sort out Kamery and Carolyn\u8217\'92s scents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna returned quickly, shaking her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She left a little while ago,\u8221\'94 the mage told Elthas. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know where she went.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shifting quickly out of form, Elthas reassured the mage, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I may have a lead. I think she and Kamery went this way.\u8221\'94 He pointed to the narrow archway their scents had disappeared into.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94 The mage smiled quickly. \u8220\'93If we don\u8217\'92t find them, you can at least say goodbye to Raynn. I\u8217\'92ll bet she\u8217\'92s back at the forge in the Dwarven District.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas dropped back into feline form and led the way out to the canals. The many districts of the city were still confusing, but he trusted Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sense of direction. They followed the scent trail across a bridge, and around the edge of what Bryna identified as the Dwarven District. He could hear the banging and clanking of blacksmithing and something more mechanical emerging from amidst the low brown-roofed buildings. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they passed an arched entrance into the District, smoke assailed his nose, and he lost the scent briefly. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter though, Carolyn and Kamery had just emerged from the Keep ahead, and Bryna was waving to get their attention.}}