{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fading light of the Barrens cast long shadows over the makeshift training ground. Grom Hellscream, once a paragon of orcish might, stood opposite Raynn, his usually vibrant eyes now smoldering with an unsettling intensity. Raynn felt the weight of his gaze, a silent storm brewing in the lines of his weathered face.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Ready yourself, Raynn," Grom's voice, gruff yet commanding, cut through the stillness of the evening. He hefted his massive axe, Gorehowl, the weapon that had cleaved through countless enemies, and assumed a battle stance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, armed with a wooden training sword, mirrored his readiness. The tension in the air was palpable, a stark departure from their earlier sparring sessions. Grom's movements, once fluid and measured, now carried an undercurrent of unrestrained aggression.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first clash of weapons echoed through the barren landscape. Raynn parried Grom's strikes with practiced skill, but each blow felt heavier, more ferocious than before. The mentor-student dance they had shared was evolving into a raw display of power.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Your strikes lack conviction, Raynn!" Grom barked, his frustration evident in the force behind his swings. "You must learn to unleash the fury within you!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, agile and determined, dodged and countered. Her instincts told her that something was amiss, that this sparring session held a different energy. She could see the turmoil in Grom's eyes, a conflict she couldn't fathom.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the dance continued, Grom's attacks grew more relentless, less controlled. The once measured teacher now resembled a storm, chaotic and untamed. Raynn, recognizing the shift, maintained her guard, sensing that there was more to this struggle than met the eye.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a brief respite between strikes, Grom paused, his gaze locked with Raynn's. "You must face the darkness within you, Raynn. Embrace the power that courses through your veins."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, bewildered but resolute, nodded in acknowledgment. The words lingered in the air, a cryptic message from a mentor grappling with forces beyond her comprehension. The sparring continued, a dance of shadows on the canvas of the Barrens, each clash revealing a deeper layer of the tumultuous journey they shared.}}