{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sitting on the edge of her narrow bed in the Booty Bay Inn, Raynn stared at the large map mounted on the wooden wall opposite her. Built from the hull of a ship, raised above the docks outside, this end of the inn creaked and swayed with the wind. The salty tang of sea air pervaded the cramped room, tucked in the bow of the vessel. The narrow space made the map easily viewable, and Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes wandered over the familiar reaches of Kalimdor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The routes of the ships from Booty Bay were traced out in red, overlaying the standard map of Azeroth. The direct route, of course, would be the southern route\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to Steamwheedle Port, on the eastern coastline of Tanaris, and then just a short trip along a well-traveled road through the desert to Gadgetzan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her eyes kept returning to the northern line though, as it traced the route to Ratchet, in the Barrens. She knew from experience that it was just a short trip down the coast from the Goblin town to Theramore. To Jaina Proudmoore. Her fingers twisted in the worn fabric of her bedding as her heart ached at the memory.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Raynn stood between Jaina and Thrall as the three looked down on the now-deserted Northwatch Hold. Admiral Proudmoore, Jaina\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s father, had recently waged war on the Horde from that fortress, and others along the coast, including usurping Jaina\u8217\'92s own neutral town of Theramore.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Raynn, along with Theramore\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s other inhabitants, had huddled on the upper floor of the inn, watching through the windows as the Horde entered the town and their leader, Rexxar, had entered Jaina\u8217\'92s tower, which hadn\u8217\'92t been Jaina\u8217\'92s at that time.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Orcs had outmatched Proudmoore\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s forces, and Jaina had ordered Theramore\u8217\'92s own guards to stand down. There was an uneasy truce in most parts of the town, with the exception of the tower. Eventually, Rexxar had emerged, victorious, and led his warriors away.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Jaina had emerged, and told them Theramore was safe once again; that they were once more at peace with the Horde. Relieved, the townspeople had resumed their lives.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 But the incident had changed Jaina\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s attitude towards Raynn. Now, she and Thrall were telling Raynn that she should travel to Stormwind, and find her heritage, among her father\u8217\'92s people.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thrall laid a heavy hand on her shoulder. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There is value in knowing one\u8217\'92s past. Do not let your perceptions always be colored that day. Our paths will cross again; the bonds we\u8217\'92ve forged will endure.\u8221\'94 His look included all three of them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Jaina held out a circlet, intricately wrought of gold. With a smile, she explained, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know you hate wearing a helmet in practice. Someday, you will find a real battle. This is enchanted; it will protect you as well as any helm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 At Raynn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s doubtful look at the glinting metal, she added, \u8220\'93It will also be invisible when you wear it. But only then\u8221\'94\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 her eyes sparkled teasingly\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8220\'93you wouldn\u8217\'92t want to forget where you left it now, would you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glancing over at the circlet, now laying on the small table beside her bed, Raynn smiled at the memory, her eyes glistening. Jaina had always been perceptive and thoughtful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had been resentful then, feeling rejected by the two people she admired and trusted the most. Looking back now, she could admit that they had been right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After Admiral Proudmoore\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s death, Jaina had been cut off from her homeland entirely. She had been in command of a far-flung, unsupported outpost, with only the most tenuous of peace agreements with the Horde. Proudmoore had shown that it was only too easy for the old tensions to flare up again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall had likewise faced the same situation. Raynn had longed to join him in Orgrimmar, but there were too many in the Horde who held lingering resentment, or even hatred, towards Humans. She wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been safe there, and she knew he had felt an obligation to protect her still.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, it had been for her own safety, and her own growth, that they had sent her away. And she had taken their advice; both had suggested she learn about her father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s people, about the Humans of Stormwind, not Lordaeron, and she had. First, from the more comfortable libraries of the Dwarves, but then later in the libraries of Stormwind itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had met good people in Stormwind too, she realized. Carolyn, the priestess with the warm smile and the penchant for melee. Elthas, the exuberant feline druid. Bryna, the quick-minded mage. Even Kamery, the too-curious rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a fond smile, Raynn made her decision. She would take the longer route, and she would go thank Jaina.}}