{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn looked around the small town of Menethil Harbor, breathing in the pungent mix of salt and swamp, as memories washed over her. She had come through here a little over a year ago, eager and inexperienced, but determined to make it to Darnassus. The trip through the Wetlands had been harrowing. The Dwarves of Dun Algaz had told her to stay on the road, and hearing the sounds of the wildlife beyond, she had heartily agreed. Even then, she had had to outrun several raptors, and one particularly unpleasant-smelling sentient slime.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This time, she and Kamery had been able to hire gryphons from Ironforge. Flying over the soaring, snow-covered peaks of Dun Morogh had been breathtaking. A ship from Darnassus was currently approaching Menethil, and as they had circled in for landing she had watched it with nostalgia. She wondered briefly how Elthas was doing, and what new abilities had gotten him so excited, and yet uncharacteristically mysterious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With one last wistful look at the docks and the nearing ship, she returned her attention to the matter at hand. From Duskwood, to Trias, to a scuffle with a gang of Stormwind thugs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Kamery had taken that one in stride so easily\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and now to Menethil. The clues they were following seemed so tenuous, but they had no choice if they were to get to the bottom of this. DeLavey\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ominous warnings echoed in her mind, spurring her onwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Trias said his man was a bartender,\u8221\'94 Kamery remembered. \u8220\'93The inn perhaps?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn nodded, looking around. She had spent so little time her last time, in her hurry to reach the Kaldorei homeland. The town was dominated by a large stone keep, its plain walls facing them on the harbor side; its entrance faced the town gates and the bridge to the Wetlands, she remembered. Between the keep and the town walls stood a row of similarly-constructed smaller buildings. Their blue-tiled roofs, dark wooden support beams, and white walls reminded her of Stormwind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Trade District. Most were single-story shops, but a larger two-story building suggested that it might be the inn they sought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a gesture to Kamery, Carolyn started in that direction. Behind her, the harbor bell rang, indicating that the ship from Darnassus had docked. It would leave again later that afternoon, and remembering the papers that they had found in Duskwood, she quickened her step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The larger building was indeed the inn and its interior was warm and welcoming as any in Stormwind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s territories, despite being so disconnected from the southern lands. Carolyn wondered if Dwarven inns were as hospitable, as she took in the fireplace crackling along one wall, the comfortable groupings of chairs and tables spread about the room, and the smiling bartender behind the bar at the back of the front room. She reflected that perhaps she should have taken the time to experience more on her wild rush to Darnassus, but she had been too eager.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were only a few locals in the inn at this time, mostly sitting in chairs near the fire. A low murmur of voices drifted about the room. Kamery took the lead, striding directly over to the bar, where the bartender greeted them warmly, asking if they wanted any ale or mutton. From the kitchen behind him, the sizzle and enticing aroma of roasting meat emphasized the offer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaking her head, Kamery leaned close and, keeping her voice low, asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mikhail? Trias sent us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If anything, the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s demeanor became even more welcoming. Smiling, he told them, \u8220\'93Anything you need, just ask. I will do my best to aid you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery relayed their mission so far, and their single clue, the name \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Slim.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mikhail shook his head apologetically. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Slim, you say? Not sure the name sounds familiar.\u8221\'94 He broke off, his eyes darting to something behind them. Carolyn fought the urge to turn, even before he added, \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t look now, but the gentleman over by the exit is looking over here. He seems a little too interested in our conversation, if you catch my meaning?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded, and Carolyn saw her sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes dart that way. From her position at the further end of the bar, Kamery had a better view of the room than Carolyn did. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Did she plan it that way?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her sister stiffened, with a muttered curse. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s getting away, come on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turning, Carolyn saw that the suspicious man was indeed heading out the door, while still watching them closely. She followed Kamery in pursuit, as the man left the inn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back in the dusty roadway between the inn and the keep, Kamery stopped abruptly, looking in both directions. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s disappeared,\u8221\'94 she groaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should we split up?\u8221\'94 Carolyn asked. \u8220\'93He couldn\u8217\'92t have gotten far.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a nod, Kamery gestured for Carolyn to head south, towards the harbor, while she turned to jog north.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get far. As she passed the gap between the inn and the shop next to it, two figures wearing familiar red bandannas leaped out at her. The glint of sharped steel flashed in the afternoon sunlight. Twisting her body to avoid one of the thrusting daggers, she cast a shield spell with a quick whispered word. The second dagger glanced off of the shield, as the first bandit regrouped for another attack. Adrenaline surged, and she knew that she was outmatched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kam!\u8221\'94 she yelled, and saw her sister turn around and start to run towards them, as the men worked to flank her from both sides.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remembering Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skillful maneuvers, Carolyn sidestepped backwards, trying to keep both in front of her, and trying to keep them at bay with a swing of her staff. The moves took her further from her sprinting sister, but at least she wasn\u8217\'92t being stabbed in the back. Her staff made a dull thud, the sensation shuddering up her arms, as it connected solidly with one of the bandits, but the other ducked under her swing and came up leading with his dagger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shield shattered and she fell back again, scrambling to solidify her footing. Her heartbeat pounded in her ears. She only had to hang on until Kamery arrived, she reminded herself, preemptively casting her instant slow-heal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly, a roar of bestial rage came from behind her, and a massive brown-furred figure charged past her to knock down the threatening bandit. A large paws, tipped with razor-sharp claws swung, tearing into the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leather tunic. Carolyn almost laughed with relief, as she caught sight of familiar curving runes dyed into the tan fur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery caught up to them then, deftly using the hilt of one dagger to knock out the bandit still staggering from Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s staff blow. Her eyes scanned Carolyn quickly, looking for injuries, before she turned to their savior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elthas!\u8221\'94 Surprise and joy and relief filled Kamery\u8217\'92s voice. \u8220\'93We need to question him,\u8221\'94 she added quickly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bear growled menacingly at the now-prone bandit, then smoothly shifted into the more familiar panther as he sat back on his haunches. Carolyn laid a grateful hand on the soft black fur of his head and he purred softly. With her other hand, she distractedly tucked a loose strand of blond hair back into the twist at the back of her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eyes wide, the bandit was instantly cooperative. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92m Slim. The Defias didn\u8217\'92t pay me enough to die for their cause.\u8221\'94 He cast a distrustful look at Elthas. \u8220\'93They took the King.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words hung in the air, leaving the trio stunned. Kamery\u8217\'92s grey eyes were wide over her black bandanna and even Elthas, not a citizen of Stormwind, seemed more subdued than usual. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seeing their looks of shock, Slim reiterated, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, the King of Stormwind, not some lowly diplomat.\u8221\'94 Now that he had started, his words spilled out almost faster than Carolyn could follow. \u8220\'93He was on his way to Theramore to meet with Lady Jaina Proudmoore\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was a big deal apparently, and a big secret.\u8221\'94 This was so much more than she had expected when Thomas had first approached her in the Cathedral. Had DeLavey known?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slim wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t done though. \u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s not just the Defias that are involved; this is bigger than them.\u8221\'94 As Carolyn tried to process Slim\u8217\'92s words, her mind reeled. Bigger than the Defias, whose influence obviously stretched so much further than they had first realized?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finishing, Slim tried to exonerate himself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My part was just to get their man on board the King\u8217\'92s ship while it was in the harbor. The guy\u8217\'92s name was Hendel.\u8221\'94 Trying to gather her thoughts, Carolyn wondered what they could do now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s soft growl, Slim averred, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s all I know, I swear!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts whirled as she absorbed the weight of Slim\u8217\'92s words. The King had been kidnapped? By something even bigger than the Defias? And all they had to go on now was a single name? Her eyes met Kamery\u8217\'92s, seeing a reflection of her own uncertainty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taking advantage of their distraction, Slim scurried off between the buildings, leaving his friend lying in the dirt next to the inn. Ignoring the unconscious bandit, Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes refocused, as she slowly breathed, \u8220\'93This is big. We\u8217\'92d better tell Mikhail.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Returning to the inn, they quietly told the bartender what Slim had revealed. Mikhail\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, but he quickly schooled his features. Grimly, he laid out their next move. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll have to follow the trail to Theramore; find this Hendel. The next ship should be leaving this afternoon. I\u8217\'92ll get word to Stormwind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn looked at Elthas. He must have just arrived from Darnassus, but he nodded as his golden eyes met hers, seemingly unconcerned with spending over a month crossing and recrossing the same ocean. At least Theramore was on the eastern side of Kalimdor, unlike Darnassus, which required sailing around the northern end of the continent. They should arrive in about two weeks.}}