{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His combat instincts dying down, Elthas faded back into the shadows. Kamery was busy looking for the Marshal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s information, so he knew it was up to him to scout ahead now. He had forgotten twice already now. He wouldn\u8217\'92t let his friends down again. Silently, he padded up the ramp past Carolyn and Bryna. Overhearing the Human King\u8217\'92s apology to Carolyn, his feline mouth pulled into a pleased smile, but he didn\u8217\'92t stop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Crossing the room above, Elthas slipped down the opposite ramp. The Manufactory, as their Dark Iron guide had called it, was filled with cluttered workbenches and strange machinery. Support pillars stretched to the ceiling at regular intervals. The air was filled with the crackle of electricity and the pungent smell of ozone threatened to make him sneeze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suppressing the urge, Elthas crept down the central corridor. To both sides, he noted small groups of industrious Gnomes gathered around workbenches. They seemed to be assembling mechanical golems from an unfamiliar dark metal; it smelled like iron, but changed somehow. That they were happily working here, under no apparent duress, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bode well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To his right, a doorway at the far side of the room led out to another bridge. The reddish glow that under-lit the stone suggested that this bridge also crossed magma. His muzzle wrinkled, both at the smells, and the extent of this underground city. He hoped that Kamery had found what they needed, and they could leave soon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Directly ahead, an unusually tall Dark Iron Dwarf paced in a smaller office, stopping occasionally to scribble notes on a piece of paper resting on a stack of crates. Two completed golems stood to either side of the room. Elthas cocked his head curiously. More papers lay haphazardly around the small office\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 on the floor and on the stone benches. Hopefully the rest of the information they sought was among the scattered pages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deciding that he had seen enough, and been gone long enough, Elthas turned back. The ramp hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been that wide, and his Kaldorei form had broad shoulders; if he timed it correctly, perhaps he could slow down the reckless warriors.}}