{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One hand resting comfortingly on Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, Bryna watched as Jaina once more enveloped the subdued Hendel in magical chains. Distractedly, she added the spell to her mental list of spells that she needed to learn someday. That list, she noted wryly, was growing longer every day, especially on days spent with Jaina Proudmoore. Perhaps it was time to heed the familiar restlessness once again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We will continue to interrogate him, to see if we can learn anything more,\u8221\'94 Jaina said wearily. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m afraid he hasn\u8217\'92t helped us much. We already know that the King\u8217\'92s ship disappeared.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a wave of her hand, Hendel disappeared, teleported back to whatever prison her tower housed. Jaina\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face softened as she came around to face Carolyn. \u8220\'93Thank you. You saved us much time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn nodded, her face still a bit drawn, but starting to relax now. Bryna wondered if it was the nature of Shadow magic, or the priestess\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own nature, that made it so taxing for her to use. She decided it must be the latter, or priests would never use such spells. Carolyn was so good at heart, it made sense that she was uncomfortable with the darkness.}}