{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he held his son tightly, Varian looked up, over the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, his gaze finding Carolyn. The dark blue eyes swirled with emotions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 gratitude, confusion, and so much more than she couldn\u8217\'92t identify. \u8220\'93Thank you.\u8221\'94 His voice was rough with emotion, but no longer held the raw edge that she had become accustomed to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smiling, Carolyn shook her head in disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wasn\u8217\'92t even sure if it would work,\u8221\'94 she confessed. \u8220\'93I only guided the magic. The source was Onyxia\u8217\'92s spell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the mention of the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s name, Varian\u8217\'92s face hardened, his jaw clenching and his eyes turning steely. He rose, a King once again, although one hand lingered on Anduin\u8217\'92s shoulder as the boy also turned to face them. \u8220\'93The brood-mother is still out there, somewhere. We must find her and eliminate the threat once and for all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nods of agreement greeted his statement, but accompanied by confusion on how that would be accomplished. With the dragon gone now, they began to gather in a loose circle facing the King and his son who now stood in front of the throne.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From behind Carolyn, Jaina stepped forward to the priestess\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right to answer at least some of their questions. \u8220\'93We have discovered her lair in Dustwallow Marsh, south of Theramore. The entrance, however, is barred with powerful spells attuned to the Black Dragonflight. I have been unable to break it; I believe it would take a source of her own magic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn felt a chill run through her at the news. When they had been in Theramore previously, they had seen a firemane drake, but she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t realized just how close the brood-mother\u8217\'92s lair had been. Kamery\u8217\'92s hand tightening on her own told her that her sister shared her reaction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At Jaina\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s news, Varian\u8217\'92s brows lowered, and he glanced questioningly at Mathias Shaw, standing on the other side of Anduin. The spy-master shook his head helplessly, his face reflecting his frustration with his uncharacteristic lack of knowledge. However, beyond Shaw, Bolvar Fordragon turned thoughtfully, striding over to where he had fallen when Onyxia had transformed. Bending, he picked up a golden medallion from the step of the dais.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he returned to the group, Fordragon held out the medallion. Twisted strands of gold wove around a dark onyx gemstone, now cracked down the middle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I believe she used this to control me,\u8221\'94 the paladin lowered his eyes at the admission of his fallibility. \u8220\'93I felt my mind clear when it broke.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stepping forward, Jaina took the medallion; there was an unspoken agreement that the arch-mage should be first to examine it. Turning it over in her hands, she nodded thoughtfully. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It could be used as a focus, if it could be repaired.\u8221\'94 Her voice was a question though, not an answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina handed the medallion to Varian, who took it gingerly. Although the Shadows had receded, Carolyn wondered if he was still feeling the echoes of the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spell. Shadow magic, she knew, had a tendency to linger in the mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mathias, I would ask that you take care of this investigation.\u8221\'94 The King hesitated, glancing down at Anduin. \u8220\'93I would like to take some time with my son.\u8221\'94 His voice broke slightly at the last. Shaw nodded, stepping out in front of the Prince to take the medallion before returning to his place at the boy\u8217\'92s side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin, his blue eyes wide throughout the exchange, looked up at the medallion in Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand, then around at the gathered group. He seemed to relax when his eyes passed over Raynn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left, Broll stepped forward. \u8220\'93Perhaps another Dragonflight could be of assistance,\u8221\'94 he offered. \u8220\'93The druids in the Moonglade may be able to commune with the Green Dragonflight.\u8221\'94 Glancing at Elthas, standing beyond him, the older druid smiled in invitation. \u8220\'93Join me, young one?\u8221\'94}}