{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once more, Carolyn and her friends entered the magma-lit interior of Blackrock Mountain. They turned upwards this time, fighting through a small garrison of Orcs. The hallways and ramps that they followed were well-built, matching the style of the Dark Iron Dwarf city below. After several twists and turns, they reached a small balcony looking out into the mountain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cavernous hollow center. Looking at Forgewright\u8217\'92s tomb, suspended above the magma lake, Carolyn wondered if the Dwarven architect had also designed this part of the mountain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whether he had or not, the area was now firmly in the hands of the Orcs. Beyond the balcony, the Orcish stronghold continued further into the mountain. Somewhere in that maze of ramps and hallways dwelt the black dragon champion that they sought. According to Haleh, he resided in the upper reaches of the spire, but from where they stood now, all paths seemed to lead downwards\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all accessible paths, that was. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An upward-leading ramp was blocked by an ornate brass door. From behind the door, footsteps approached and receded in a regular rhythm that suggested guard patrols. Neither Kamery nor Raynn had been able to locate a lock or opening mechanism. Elthas and Bryna confirmed that it contained powerful magic, but they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d had no idea how to open it either.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, they considered venturing into the heavily populated Orcish city below, to see if they could find another way around. Before they did though, Carolyn suggested that she could try to find their way using mind vision spells. She was glad that it was just the five of them now; she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure Varian, or Lo\u8217\'92Gosh, would have had the patience for the spell-work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn cast the spell, looking around through the eyes of Orc after Orc, into the twisting hallways of the lower reaches. There didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to be any paths upwards though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But up on one ledge, she found a mind that she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see into. From the eyes of others, he appeared to be just another Orc, but to her magical vision, he was something completely different. Curious, she broke her spell to return to her own mind, and her friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s something strange, not far in,\u8221\'94 Carolyn frowned, remembering the strange mind that she had been unable to penetrate. Even as she tried to find the words to explain it, the Orc in question approached them from the ramp leading below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn had already been standing protectively ahead of the others, and she raised her sword and shield now. The Orc was unarmed though, and didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look threatening. In the guttural language, Raynn addressed him. Carolyn knew that Raynn had spent time with Orcs, and knew their culture, but she was still somehow surprised to hear the actual language coming from a Human.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Translation wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be necessary, however. As the strange Orc approached, his form shimmered with arcane energy. His green skin and tusks faded away, revealing a Human face, half-hidden by a thick reddish mustache and beard. A red hood covered his head. His red and gold robes swirled briefly, as though touched by wind, then settled onto the body of a Human male.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greetings,\u8221\'94 he spoke in the Common tongue. \u8220\'93I am Vaelan.\u8221\'94 He smiled at Carolyn. \u8220\'93I sensed your spells.\u8221\'94 His gaze turned to Bryna, his smile fading. \u8220\'93You carry an artifact of the Black Dragonflight. What is your purpose here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed, her sword and shield still at the ready. Vaelan had stopped just out of her reach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was something about Vaelan though, something that felt nurturing, rather than the destructiveness that the Black Dragonflight embodied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We seek the blood of Drakkisath,\u8221\'94 Carolyn told him. She felt the surprise of her Human friends; Elthas was also relaxed, seeming to also trust Vaelan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vaelan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flashed red momentarily. \u8220\'93Our goals may be intertwined then.\u8221\'94 Looking past them at the sealed door, he pulled a flat disc from a pocket. \u8220\'93The way may be opened with this Seal, but the gemstones that power it have been out of my reach thus far.\u8221\'94 The surface of the disc had three indentations on it, where gems could be inset.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you would help us?\u8221\'94 Raynn was still suspicious. \u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vaelan smiled humorlessly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Black Dragonflight has inflicted great pain on my family. I would see them destroyed.\u8221\'94 His voice was low and intense, his words reminding Carolyn of Varian Wrynn. As Katrana Prestor, Onyxia had wrought such chaos in Stormwind, and to Varian himself; she wondered what the brood-mother\u8217\'92s flight had done to Vaelan.}}