{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>As the sun dipped toward the horizon, casting long shadows over the dockyards of Southshore, Grom Hellscream observed the orcish horde preparing to board the ships. The call to venture across the sea to an unknown land bore the weight of uncertainty in his mind. Thrall, the young Warchief, stood nearby, his expression veiled in the aftermath of their recent discussions. A sense of confusion and uncertainty lingered, but Grom's faith in Thrall took precedence in his thoughts. The impending journey held mysteries, but his trust in Thrall anchored him in purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall, the young Warchief, stood nearby, focused on some unseen spectacle through the mystical lens of Farsight. Grom squinted, unable to discern the details himself but trusting in Thrall's foresight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A ripple of concern coursed through him as Thrall relayed the approach of a human army from Durnholde Keep. Grom's instincts, honed by years of battle, sensed the shifting winds of conflict. The delicate balance they sought with the humans seemed poised on a knife's edge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Thrall mentioned Raynn's intervention, Grom's mind immediately leaped ahead. He foresaw the danger she willingly embraced for their cause, and a surge of pride for the young woman coursed through him. But pride was a fleeting sentiment, overtaken by the solemn reminder of a blood oath made years earlier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Thrall," Grom's voice rumbled, the weight of his words carrying the resonance of honor. "We made a blood oath to protect that human child. You know what this means."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall hesitated, and Grom knew the internal struggle his Warchief faced. The blood oath was a solemn commitment, a bond that transcended the complexities of their turbulent journey. Grom's inner turmoil mirrored Thrall's reluctance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The humans will turn their wrath on her once they uncover her deception," Grom pressed on, guided by the unwavering principles of honor. "We cannot let her face that alone. The blood oath demands it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A strange tension lingered in the air. Grom sensed Thrall's resistance, the unspoken hesitance that swirled around them. The connection between the Warchief and the human woman held a significance that transcended mere duty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The immediate threat is from the humans," Grom asserted, his gaze meeting Thrall's. "With her with us, we can better protect her and fulfill the oath we made."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The unspoken acknowledgment passed between them, and Grom saw Thrall relent to the insistence of honor. The resonance of the blood oath echoed in Grom's thoughts as they spurred their war wolves into action. The impending journey across the sea now intertwined with the duty to shield a human woman, a reminder that honor knew no bounds.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}