{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s guidance had served them well through the unfamiliar landscape, and now they approached the solid stone walls of Durnholde Keep. The warrior had led them in a circuitous path that had skirted a small town, and kept them out of sight of several watchtowers. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 She knows this territory, and in this time period; not its present-day Scourge-ravaged and Forsaken-occupied state.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking at the imposing outer walls, the solid keep in the center, and the makeshift cabins that housed the Orcs, Kamery wondered how they would take it all on and extract the someday Warchief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93El and I can scout,\u8221\'94 she began, but Raynn cut her off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They want a distraction. We\u8217\'92ll give them one.\u8221\'94 The warrior\u8217\'92s voice was tight and hard, but controlled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery glanced at Carolyn. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If Raynn charges in and draws the ire of the Keep\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s guards, will Caro be able to keep her healed?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn noticed the glance, and she softened slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, I\u8217\'92m not suicidal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not suicidal, no, but she efficiently cut a path through the defenses of the keep with a cold ruthlessness that matched even the most hardened assassins of SI:7.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t touch the Orc prisoners though, Kamery noticed. The Orcs, deep in their lethargy, paid the group little heed, only shuffling quietly out of the way if they were too close to a melee. Their apathy made Kamery\u8217\'92s heart ache; she had heard about the strange malaise, of course, but seeing it firsthand was completely different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Orcs watched listlessly as Raynn entered the first hut with her satchel of incendiary charges. The others waited at the door, watching for approaching guards. A handful of Orcs stood around the stove at the end of the meager room. As Raynn set the first charge, Kamery saw the warrior say something to the Orcs. They looked at her curiously, but, the rogue realized, not in confusion; they understood her words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Raynn turned back to rejoin the group at the front entrance, the Orcs shuffled slowly out of the smaller door at the back of the hut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t they interfere?\u8221\'94 Bryna asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94 Raynn\u8217\'92s answer was soft, her voice and face sad. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 She feels more for the Orcs than the Humans here.}}