{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From the Cheese Shop:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn: To the Keep then back to Dane (half hour at most)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery: To Shaw; Shaw learns something about Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s new mission during their meeting (half hour?)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn, Bryna, Elthas: to entrance to Mage Quarter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn & Bryna: Trying on robes; getting adjustments done (a couple of hours, easily)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery & Elthas: WTF are they doing while Caro and Bry are playing dress-up?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas: Park; learns about new form, runs around excitedly; tracks Bryna to tailor shop (after Carolyn has left)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn: Cathedral; moment of reflection, learns new spell (half hour)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery: arrives at Cathedral Square while Carolyn is in Cathedral (perhaps peeks in, sees Caro busy, and waits outside)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From the big goodbye scene:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn: Finishes her breastplate. Goes to Ironforge. Immediately goes to Stranglethorn Vale. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna: Teleports to Theramore to visit Jaina. Spends several weeks studying under Jaina in Theramore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn and Kamery: Spend a week or so running messages. Go to Duskwood. Return to Stormwind a few days later. Travel to Menethil Harbor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas: Teleports to Darnassus. Learns sea lion. Two weeks on a boat to Menethil Harbor. Runs into Carolyn and Kamery immediately.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn, Kamery, Elthas: Two weeks on a boat to Theramore. Run into Bryna.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn, Kamery, Elthas, Bryna: Several days investigating a shipwreck in Theramore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery and Bryna: Teleport to Stormwind. Meet Shaw - he tells them Raynn was seen going to Stranglethorn Vale. Return immediately to Theramore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn, Kamery, Elthas, Bryna: Two weeks on a boat to Menethil Harbor. Several weeks adventuring in the Wetlands. Reach Refuge Point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn: Spends about two months mining and blacksmithing in Stranglethorn Vale. A night in Booty Bay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn and Elthas: Teleport to Darnassus for several days. Two more days to fly to Feathermoon Island. A few days at Feathermoon. About a week riding to Thousand Needles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery: Teleport to Stormwind. Sent on solo missions for a week or so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna: Teleport to Stormwind. Several days of teleporting and reading. Several days traveling to Tirisfal Glades. Several more teleports, culminating in returning to Theramore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn: Boat takes about two weeks, then a couple more days riding from Ratchet to Theramore. Bryna is there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery: In Stormwind, told that Carolyn was seen in Thousand Needles. A week on a ship to Gadgetzan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn and Bryna: Fly a few hours to Gadgetzan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn: Ongoing blacksmithing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna: Several days of exploration. Finds Caverns of Time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn and Elthas: Several more days to Shimmering Flats. A few more hours to Gadgetzan. Reunited with Raynn and Bryna.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn, Elthas, and Bryna: A couple of days settling in and exploring around Gadgetzan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery: A week on a fast boat. Arrives in Gadgetzan. All five are back together again.}}