{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Twisted, dark trees, their branches devoid of leaves, rose to all sides as Elthas loped easily back towards Sentry Point, with his precious find safely secured in his neck pouch. Captain Wymor had been right to be worried about the Defias activity; Elthas had found many of the red-bandanna-wearing ruffians swarming about the Dreadmurk Shore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After identifying their leader, the druid had stealthily made his way into the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tent and searched his belongings. Amongst the detritus, he had found a letter, written in ornate script on heavy, expensive paper, which smelled faintly of perfume and something less pleasant that he couldn\u8217\'92t identify. The language had been formal, and imperious. The missive had caught his attention, and he had liberated it. Now he just had to hope that Wymor might know more about the \u8216\'91precious cargo\u8217\'92 that the unsigned letter mentioned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the Captain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sentry tower came into sight, he saw a welcome sight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his three Human friends making their way up the dusty road towards the same tower. Kamery and Bryna flanked Carolyn, protectively, he thought, and the priestess herself looked a little wan, although she wore her usual peaceful smile. Elthas suspected that she had needed to use the Shadow spells after all. He wondered if they had learned anything of use, perhaps relating to the cryptic paper he carried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Approaching the Humans, he butted his head up against Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand and her smile widened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elthas,\u8221\'94 her voice held mixed happiness, relief, and a hint of teasing reproach. \u8220\'93What trouble have you been getting into now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taking a step back, he shifted out of feline form and dug into his pack for the letter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are Defias all along the shore. I found this. I was hoping Captain Wymor would be able to shed some light on it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had continued walking as he spoke, and the Captain in question approached as he overheard his name. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome back, druid. Have you found anything?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas handed the letter to Captain Wymor, and the man scanned the text. Bryna was also looking curiously at the paper. Elthas shifted back to feline form, once again noting the strange scent of the paper. It was unlike anything he had encountered before, something more than just the rich paper and ink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s expensive paper,\u8221\'94 the mage noted. \u8220\'93The type that the nobles use.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Captain Wymor nodded, handing the letter to her to peruse as he noted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The language of these orders does suggest a wealthy or noble patron.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna nodded in agreement, as she handed the letter to Kamery, who held the note out so that Carolyn could also read it. Elthas prowled restlessly around their legs as they spoke. He was happy to have the Humans around again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What \u8216\'91precious cargo\u8217\'92 could they be talking about?\u8221\'94 The priestess mused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Captain Wymor shook his head as he directed them to their next move. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From these orders, it looks like the first priority of the Defias is to locate and secure whatever cargo they possessed. SI:7\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he glanced at Kamery\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93has had a salvage diver named Renn McGill working out of Theramore for some time. When he heard about the shipwreck, Renn went north to dive near the islands the Defias now occupy. If we\u8217\'92re to beat the Defias to this cargo, we\u8217\'92ll need his help. Seek him out in the waters just north of the islands just offshore.\u8221\'94}}