{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grudging acceptance of their aid, the path ahead seemed clearer. With their course agreed upon, the group settled down for the night in Morgan\u8217\'92s Vigil, laying their bedrolls on the ground behind the burnt-out houses. By unspoken consent, they stayed well away from Ragged John\u8217\'92s barrel, where the Dwarf was now passed out, snoring loudly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas and Broll prepared dinner, talking in hushed tones, while Carolyn, under Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s watchful eye, mended her robe. The mage was pleased to note that the priestess worked with quiet competence, and her repair work, enhanced by enchantment, was all but invisible now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn and Varian sparred with each other to one side, the clashes of their weapons punctuating the still night in a mounting crescendo. Glancing over, Bryna noted that the two seemed to be well-matched, and neither appeared willing to concede. She wondered if Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s healing would be needed before the two were finished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Broll, thankfully, provided an interruption to the two warriors, informing them that dinner was ready, and the group settled in for a meal of roasted drake meat, seasoned with the sungrass that Kamery had somehow managed to find growing in the blasted land.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rogue had spent the evening quietly preparing more potions, and now she distributed them to the group. Bryna gratefully tucked the mana and spell-power potions in her belt pouch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After dinner, they discussed the upcoming dangers, trying to piece together what Varian had learned from Ragged John. Apparently, Windsor had fought off a force of Blackrock Orcs just within the mountain, but had then been captured by a larger force of Dark Iron Dwarves. The possibility of encountering either group loomed large, as they settled in for the night\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rest.}}