{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Standing in the middle of the scorched plains of the Burning Steppes, Raynn watched as Carolyn faced off with a young black drake. The omnipresent scent of ash and heated stone burned her nostrils. However, after years spent in the confines of Ironforge, she had learned to endure it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An amused smile played on her lips as she remembered the blonde-haired priestess\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s insistence on taking on the creature alone. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Your blades cut the hides up too much,\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Carolyn had grumbled, shooting accusatory looks at Raynn and Kamery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery was out of sight now, but Raynn knew that the rogue was hidden somewhere nearby, probably behind the drake, ready to strike if her sister encountered any trouble. Raynn was ready too, watching Carolyn closely. The drake had glanced her way a few times, in her position on the priestess\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right flank, but Carolyn\u8217\'92s staff had drawn its attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly, a clatter of hooves from behind her heralded the arrival of others to the scene and a battle shout rang out over the hissing snarls of the drake. At the unexpected intrusion, Raynn looked over her right shoulder to see a tall Human male rush past her and launch an attack on the drake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His intrusion startled Carolyn, causing her to lose her footing and stumble awkwardly. Seeing its opportunity, the drake landed a vicious swipe along the priestess\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side. The sharp claws shattered her shield and tore into her robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seeing blood seeping into the white cloth, Raynn growled and charged in herself, between the priestess and the interloper. A peremptory shout and a solid blow from her shield quickly drew the drake\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention to her. Kamery had also launched herself from the shadows behind the drake, her daggers deftly finding openings between the dark scales.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Under the combined assault, the drake fell quickly. Raynn stood for a moment, letting the battle lust fade from her blood. Beside her, Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention was on the corpse laying on the blackened soil, looking glumly at the now-battered hide. Almost offhandedly, the priestess whispered a holy word to heal her wounds, although the torn robe would need to be mended later that evening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s ruined,\u8221\'94 Carolyn muttered, mourning the drake\u8217\'92s scaled skin as she cast an accusing scowl at the interloper. The moment she looked at him though, the priestess gasped, her eyes opening wide with recognition. Kamery also drew in a sharp breath as she approached from the other side of the corpse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Confused, Raynn turned to study the man as he turned to face her. He was tall and well-built, with stern features marred by criss-crossing scars\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one across the bridge of his nose and another cutting down through one eyebrow and continuing on the cheek below. His long dark hair was pulled back and tied loosely at the top of his head. He wore a leather vest and leggings with plate greaves, a single, spiked pauldron, and a wide belt adorned with the lion of Stormwind on the buckle. Despite the symbol on his belt, nothing else about the man spoke of the city, and Raynn wondered what had drawn such a reaction from the two sisters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn and Kamery had shaken off their initial shock and were approaching slowly to stand on Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left, but their faces were still pale and wide-eyed. Distracted by the twins\u8217\'92 reactions, Raynn barely noticed as the man\u8217\'92s companion, a tall, antlered Kaldorei druid, approached from the other side to complete a small circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What were you thinking?\u8221\'94 the man demanded, glaring angrily at Raynn, and she felt her own anger rise in return. \u8220\'93What sort of warrior allows a priestess to be attacked like that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn bristled, but before she could respond, Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s independent spirit overcame her awe, and the priestess came to the warrior\u8217\'92s defense. \u8220\'93I asked her to, to preserve the hide.\u8221\'94 The priestess gave a wistful look at the battered drake, before adding, to Raynn\u8217\'92s shock, \u8220\'93Your Majesty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn looked at the man again, trying to reconcile the title with what little she knew of Varian Wrynn. Foremost, he looked nothing like his young son. She had only seen him described as tall and handsome; below the scars, this man could be handsome, but he acted, and dressed, more like a barbaric warrior than a king.}}