{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they reached the rough palisade surrounding Morgan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Vigil, Varian took the lead, his purposeful strides taking him swiftly through the outpost. The Marshal stood near the base of the crumbling ruins of the tower at the back. The sisters dropped back to flank Raynn as they followed, also wanting to introduce themselves to the commander. Broll paused in the middle of the ruined town to look around at the centuries-old destruction before also following.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Marshal looked up, blinking twice at the diverse group that approached, Varian in the lead, while the others waited a few steps away. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greetings. I am Marshal Maxwell. What brings you here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man was dressed in the full armor of Stormwind, although he had removed his helm. Brown hair reached his shoulders, matching his full mustache and beard. He looked rather overwhelmed, and Raynn wondered if he even recognized the King whose crest he wore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is Marshal Windsor?\u8221\'94 Varian was certainly direct, Raynn realized. She thought back to Magni\u8217\'92s words. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91A good man.\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The Dwarven king had said, and thinking fondly of the gruff Dwarf, she could see how he would think so. It was a refreshing change from the stiff formality she had felt from the other nobles on her brief visit to the throne room of Stormwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshall Maxwell blinked again, a flicker of recognition passing through his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 he admitted, sounding mystified. \u8220\'93I was only just assigned here,\u8221\'94 he explained. \u8220\'93Ragged John knows more, if you can get anything out of him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Marshal gestured to a Dwarf sitting on a barrel behind one of the ruined buildings. The Dwarf held a brown leather flask, and as they watched, he took a long drink from it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed, but he nodded his thanks to Maxwell and strode over to the Dwarf.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was that\u8230\'85?\u8221\'94 Maxwell trailed off, then seemed to regroup, turning to Raynn as she and her friends approached. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re Riverhorn\u8217\'92s help?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve bought you some room, although it may not last long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good, good. Perhaps you could stay a while?\u8221\'94 Maxwell looked at them hopefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not sure why we\u8217\'92re here,\u8221\'94 Kamery broke in. \u8220\'93What is the situation?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maxwell sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m still trying to figure that out myself.\u8221\'94 He beckoned the rogue over to a nearby map table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Satisfied to let Kamery deal with the strategization, Raynn returned her attention to Varian. Across the ruined town, the King was deep in conversation with the Dwarf. Although she was well aware of the capacity of Dwarves to hold their alcohol, Raynn suspected that this particular one had reached his limit. Varian looked frustrated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not what I would have expected,\u8221\'94 Carolyn said softly at Raynn\u8217\'92s side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s been through a lot,\u8221\'94 Broll told her. The druid had stayed back, well away from Ragged John. \u8220\'93He washed up on the shores of Durotar with no memory, and was immediately captured by an Orc gladiator master. He was paired with Valeera and me. We fought well together.\u8221\'94 He smiled faintly at the memories.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Lo\u8217\'92Gosh, as they called him then, began to regain his memories,\u8221\'94 Broll continued. \u8220\'93With the aid of Jaina Proudmoore, he remembered that he was Varian Wrynn, King of Stormwind, and he was determined to reclaim his throne.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she listened to Broll\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tale, Raynn continued to watch Varian. She had seen the Orcish influence in his armor and his fighting style, and now it made sense. He seemed to have met his match in Ragged John, however. Their conversation, although still inaudible, was growing more and more animated. Frustration creased Varian\u8217\'92s face as his hand moved in an emphatic gesture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Broll continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We traveled to Menethil, and through to Ironforge. There, King Magni told us of his investigations, and Windsor\u8217\'92s suspicions. We were set upon by a black dragon assassin, and Valeera\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 He broke off, pausing for a moment before continuing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Valeera remains in Ironforge recovering. Windsor should have been here.\u8221\'94 Broll frowned over at Marshal Maxwell, there in Windsor\u8217\'92s place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment later, Varian seemed to feel that he had learned all he could from Ragged John. Clenching his fists in front of him, he turned on his heel and strode back. Passing the three of them, he approached Maxwell once more. Sharing a glance, the three moved closer to hear the conversation.}}