{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Early the next morning, they rose as the sun cast its dim light through the pervasive haze in the area. After a quick, cold breakfast, they mounted up and set out towards the mountain that loomed in the distance. Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tail twitched when he saw that Broll\u8217\'92s travel form was a great stag. The graceful beast was impressive, and mouthwatering. Firmly, Elthas pushed his cheetah\u8217\'92s instinct aside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once the site of fierce battles between the old Horde and the Alliance, where leaders from both sides had met their ends, the soaring, hollow volcano was now firmly in the grasp of hostile forces. However, the determined, well-armed group met little resistance as they made their way up the wide road leading to the mountain. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wide bridge of well-fitted stone spanned a deep valley before the mountain. At its far end, a pair of massive doors led into the steep rock face, their outer panels featuring detailed carvings of past Dwarven Kings. The doors stood ajar, leading to a dog-leg tunnel, lit by hanging lanterns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they passed the first bend, Varian dismounted, halting the party. The others followed suit, with Broll shifting back to Kaldorei form. Elthas had noticed that the older druid didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t linger in his animal forms. Although they had spoken for some time, the previous night, Broll hadn\u8217\'92t said much about himself. Instead, he had skillfully guided the conversation to inquiries about the younger druid and his friends. Elthas\u8217\'92s head tilted contemplatively, as he half-listened to Varian explain what he knew about the mountain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93According to John\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the King\u8217\'92s lip curled derisively\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93he and Windsor encountered Blackrock and Dark Iron war parties just inside. The Marshal was taken away to the depths by the Dark Irons, so presumably the Orcs occupy the upper reaches of the mountain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The central area is clear now,\u8221\'94 Kamery said, stepping out of the shadows near the far end of the entryway. Elthas blinked in surprise; he hadn\u8217\'92t noticed the rogue leave. His tail drooped with the realization that he should have also scouted ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian nodded, accepting the report. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we should take advantage of the lull.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Human King led them forward, around the final bend and into the vast central cavern. A wide paved ledge ringed a wide hollow, halfway between a lake of bubbling magma below and a soaring ceiling far above. Around the curve to their left, another gate led out towards the Searing Gorge, north of the mountain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the center of the area, a large chunk of stone hung, supported by heavy iron chains with links wider than Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Kaldorei height. Several smaller tunnel entrances and ledges had been cut into the monolith. Seeing a possible path along the thick chains to the lower depths, the group crossed to this floating island and made their way into its interior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the center, they found an ornate tomb of stone. As they approached, a ghostly Dwarven figure shimmered into sight. Startled, Elthas sat back on his haunches. His whiskers twitched in interest as he studied the apparition. Although he had encountered, and had to fight, angry spirits before, this one seemed calm enough. In a way, it reminded him of the wisps around Darnassus\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the remnants of his ancestors. He hoped that the wisps wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mind the comparison with a Dwarf too much.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greetings,\u8221\'94 The ghost said, imperiously staring down Varian and Raynn\u8217\'92s drawn weapons. \u8220\'93I am Franclorn Forgewright. Are you here to learn of the Spire and of Dark Iron?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas caught an amused smile dancing on Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips, behind the warriors. The priestess had an even better understanding of spirits than he did. As Varian and Raynn hesitated uncertainly, Carolyn stepped forward between them, asking, \u8220\'93What is it you want us to know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Forgewright gave a small bow, his attention on the priestess, Varian and Raynn sheathed their weapons, retreating to the sides. The ghost told them that his clan had become corrupted by Ragnaros, and he wanted them stopped. In a hidden compartment below the tomb, he revealed a key that would unlock the gates to the Iron Dwarf stronghold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grateful for the assistance, however unusual, they continued downwards, feeling the heat from the molten rock below rising up around them. They reached a narrow ledge at the bottom, and gratefully made their way into a wide underground quarry that opened up to one side.}}