{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93VanCleef,\u8221\'94 Raynn spoke firmly, although her ponytail swayed from side to side as she searched for the Defias leader. \u8220\'93This has to stop now. Surrender and return to face justice in Stormwind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking over the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, Carolyn\u8217\'92s eyes also scanned the deck between them and the cabin. If he was as skilled as Kamery and Elthas, he could be on them before they realized. Her instant-cast healing spell was working slowly, but surely, the warmth filling her shoulder, and she could feel her body mending. A moment later, the arrow fell to the deck with a small clink, the sound almost lost in the clash of weapons that erupted from the darkness at the side of the ship\u8217\'92s cabin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the sound, Raynn charged forwards. Blinking, Carolyn tried to make out what was happening. It was Kamery, she realized. The rogue must have spotted VanCleef as he attempted to make his escape. The priestess\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s adrenaline surged as she flung a quick shield spell around her sister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery retreated, moving into the open space of the deck as Raynn reached the combatants. The warrior slammed her shield into VanCleef\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side, but he ignored her. A moment later, Elthas leaped into the fray from the other side of the cabin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn cast her slow-acting instant heal on Kamery, trying to judge when she would need to start her slower spell-casting. Most of her other holy spells were more powerful, but they took time to cast, and were draining. Timing was the key, but most of her experience was with warriors, in their plate armor, not a rogue in leather. And not her sister. Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart tightened, and she began gathering the Light within her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VanCleef was wielding twin sabers, and his strikes were hard, and fast. Kamery buckled under the assault, and Carolyn poured her healing Light into her sister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Kamery straightened, backpedaling again, Raynn finally managed to wedge her body between the two rogues. VanCleef finally acknowledged her, sneering, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stormwind has no justice.\u8221\'94 His hand twisted, not striking with his saber, but flinging sparkling, blinding dust in the warrior\u8217\'92s face. Raynn stumbled back, blinking furiously and rubbing at her eyes with the back of her right hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a wild laugh, VanCleef turned on Elthas. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fools! None may challenge the might of the Brotherhood and live to tell the tale!" His sabers slashed down brutally at the black panther, striking twice before the druid shifted into his ursine form. Bloody seeped into the sandy brown hair above the runes on the bear\u8217\'92s shoulder. Carolyn pulled on the Light again, starting another powerful but draining spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VanCleef seemed impervious to their faltering attacks; he struck so hard and fast that neither Kamery nor Elthas had been able to land many blows. Although Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frost-bolts struck him with regularity, he seemed resistant to their chilling effect. Carolyn felt her shoulders slumping in exhaustion as she channeled healing Light into Elthas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The druid roared in rage, swiping at the Defias leader, but he was flagging under the relentless assault. Carolyn drew in a deep breath, giving herself a moment to recover her strength before starting another spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even as Raynn cleared her eyes, VanCleef turned again, his blades once more targeting Kamery. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You dare to defy us? You are a mere lapdog, barking at the heels of true power!\u8221\'94 As she once more gathered the dregs of her power, Carolyn felt her thoughts drifting. Kamery had been investigating the Defias for some time now; did VanCleef know that? Was that the source of his focus? Did he have agents in Sentinel Hill or beyond?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thought of Sentinel Hill triggered another memory in Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. She had completely forgotten about the potions that Kamery had made the night before! As she spent the last of her energy bathing Kamery in another healing spell, she fumbled in her belt pouch for the small vial.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pulling the vial free, she quaffed the blue liquid quickly, barely noticing the fresh, minty taste. The effect was instantaneous, filling her veins with refreshing energy. Renewed, she studied the combat more closely. She was becoming more accustomed to the speed and damage of VanCleef\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attacks now, and could time her spells better.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn was also learning his patterns, it seemed, as the warrior managed to insert her shield between VanCleef and Kamery at a critical moment. Kamery used the reprieve to step backwards, darting behind Raynn momentarily, and emerging on the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s other side to strike VanCleef\u8217\'92s side. It seemed like a glancing blow, but the Defias leader\u8217\'92s face twisted in pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fools!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he snarled. \u8220\'93Our cause is righteous!\u8221\'94 He was breathing heavily though, and his defiant words lacked the strength of earlier. Kamery had circled around behind him again, and he seemed too weary to turn, choosing instead to direct his sabers at Raynn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blocking his weakening attacks with her shield, Raynn tried once more to demand a surrender. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t stand a chance,\u8221\'94 the warrior pointed out. But it had no effect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 VanCleef was too determined, had lost too much hope, was desperate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s poisons coursed through his veins, he fell to one knee. Weakened, the light fading from his eyes, he was still defiant, promising, "You may cut off the head, but the Brotherhood shall prevail.\u8221\'94 He tumbled to the deck of the ship, still.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only sound for several minutes was their heavy breathing, as they absorbed his final words.}}