{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lo'Gosh escapes and he, Broll, and Valeera travel to Ironforge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna reports to Fordragon requesting reinforcements for Lakeshire - Prestor is dismissive and sends her away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna returns to Lakeshire, and the group are sent to Morgan's Vigil, where they join up with Lo'Gosh and Broll.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The group infiltrates the Blackrock Depths and rescues Windsor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian returns to Stormwind and takes his place on the throne with Katrana Prestor and Bolvar Fordragon as his advisors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin suspects something is wrong with his father - confides in Raynn? Shaw?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lo'Gosh escapes Orc captivity and returns to Elwynn Forest; Shaw hides him at the Goldshire Inn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Windsor and the group arrive at the Goldshire Inn, meet Lo-Gosh and are briefed by Shaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The entire group enters Stormwind, with Lo'Gosh cloaked as they pass through the city, and confront Onyxia in the throne room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Onyxia transforms and threatens Anduin - Lo'Gosh and Varian both jump to protect him, and are merged back into one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Windsor breaks Bolvar's medallion; Onyxia kills Windsor as she flees.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Sire, I believe these people may be of some assistance to you. They have some experience against the black dragonflight." Marshal Maxwell bowed in apology for the intrusion on Varian and Broll's quiet discussion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian looked over, a hint of wariness in his eyes, to see four young women and a large black panther.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian raised an eyebrow at Maxwell's judgment, but he and Broll needed whatever help they could get.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm Kamery, your majesty." The lithe woman in black rogue's leathers gave a slight bow, her dark eyes wide and observant above a black bandana. "This is my sister, Carolyn." She gestured to a woman who shared her face, but was otherwise her opposite in every way, with white robes and golden hair.  The respectful bow was repeated, and Varian found himself inwardly grimacing. Maxwell had been the same way, although he had managed to loosen up a little over the past two days. Out of the corner of his eye, he caught the flash of amusement in Broll's eyes. He remembered once being accustomed to such obsequiences, but those days seemed long gone, replaced by the immediacy of everyday survival.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm Bryna." The voice came from the depths of a wide-brimmed red hat, which almost concealed the face beneath. The woman wore a vest and short pants that seemed almost laughably out of place in this place of fire and brimstone. At least she didn't bow; that would have required her to straighten from her lounging position against the half-wall surrounding their planning area. "This is Elthas." She gestured to the panther who had been prowling around the perimeter of the area, but now sat motionless, studying Varian with golden eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fourth woman, a warrior in full plate armor, gave a respectful nod. "Raynn," she introduced herself. "What is it we'll be helping with?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian appreciated the directness, and returned his attention to their plans. "We need to determine the extent of the black dragon influence. Our best hope is to find the missing Marshall Windsor.  Our source was somewhat incoherent, but he did mention the Blackrock Depths.  Perhaps Windsor can be found there.  We can't risk drawing too much attention though."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly the panther shifted, seamlessly transforming into a young Kaldorei man. "I understand the scents now! This is the one that went over the cliff."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian looked at Broll, but found the other druid equally confused, as Elthas shifted back into his feline form, prowling around Varian.  Broll cleared his throat, and the panther stopped abruptly, his head tilting again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas's elven voice came easily from the panther's throat, "you were held on Alcaz Island, weren't you." It wasn't really a question, but Varian nodded anyway. "A while back, we were sent to investigate a prisoner there. We didn't know it was you," the druid added quickly, almost apologetically. "The scents were confusing. Split. You're..." he trailed off, but Varian's memories filled in the rest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Half." Even the lackadaisical mage straighted slightly at the flattly-spoken word. Varian shook his head. "I don't know what happened to the other half. My memory.. has gaps."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery brought them back on task.  "All the more important to find Windsor and learn what he knows then. Blackrock Depths it is."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The Dark Irons won't be easy foes." Broll spoke up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We've faced them before. We can handle it." Elthas purred.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded agreement, her easy stance in heavy armor testament to her ability as a warrior. Motes of golden light swirled briefly around Carolyn as she cast a quick spell to bolster the group. Even Bryna gave a lazy smirk of agreement from beneath the brim of her wide hat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their confidence was reassuring to the weary king, and he gave a tight smile of gratitude.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the labyrinthine tunnels of Blackrock Depths, the group moved with purpose, guided by Kamery's skillful lock-picking as they sought Marshal Windsor. The echoing footsteps resonated in the dimly lit passages, and the distant clinks of chains and groans of tortured prisoners added an unsettling ambiance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery's nimble fingers worked the lock on the cell doors until, with a satisfying click, one swung open to reveal the despondent figure of Marshal Windsor. His eyes, once filled with determination, now held a shadow of despair. The group assured him that they were here to help, but Windsor's spirits remained low.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I've lost everything," he confessed, "my notes and Ironfoe, my cherished weapon."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Determined to restore Windsor's hope, the group left him temporarily in the cell and continued their exploration of Blackrock Depths. Along the way, they encountered the spectral echoes of long-dead dwarves, their wisps offering guidance and secrets. One spirit, in particular, imparted knowledge to Raynn, revealing the magical art of smelting dark iron ore, a material resistant to the ravages of fire.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they navigated the dangerous city, attempting to avoid confrontation, they found themselves drawn into skirmishes with Dark Iron defenders. Despite their best efforts, the city proved well-defended, forcing the group to face the Dark Iron generals directly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Through strategic battles and cunning tactics, they overcame the generals, retrieving Windsor's lost weapon and, most importantly, his precious notes. With newfound determination, they returned to the Marshall's cell, where the gleam in his eyes returned. Windsor, armed with Ironfoe once more, joined the group as they made their harrowing escape from the depths.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerging back into the open air of the Burning Steppes, they returned to Morgan's Vigil, where they poured over Windsor's gathered information. The documents revealed the extent of the black dragon influence and hinted at deeper plots yet to unfold. The group, now strengthened by their shared experiences in Blackrock Depths, prepared for the challenges that lay ahead, united in their quest to uncover the truth and confront the looming threat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The message from Mathias Shaw arrived with an air of urgency, and Kamery relayed the contents to the group gathered at Morgan's Vigil. Varian Wrynn, now accompanied by Broll, shared his concern for the safety of his son, Anduin, and expressed the need to confront the black dragon Onyxia, revealed to be none other than Katrana Prestor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Meeting with Shaw might give us insights into the current state of Stormwind," Kamery explained, her gaze shifting between the members of the group. "We might find allies within SI:7, and it would be wise to assess the situation before taking any decisive action."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian nodded in agreement. "I need to ensure my son's safety. But we can't rush in blindly. Let's go."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The group, now including Varian, made their way towards the familiar landscapes of Elwynn Forest. The cottage, once a warm haven in the embrace of the forest, now stood as a silent witness to the passage of time. The overgrown garden and weathered exterior whispered tales of memories long gone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they approached the cottage, Kamery noted the familiar sights of her childhood, the echoes of laughter and the scent of home lingering in the air. The meeting with Shaw was imminent, and the gravity of the situation hung over them like a looming storm.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inside the cottage, they awaited Shaw's arrival, the air thick with anticipation. The meeting would provide valuable insights into the state of Stormwind, and perhaps set the stage for the challenges that awaited them in the heart of the Alliance's capital.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw joins them in cottage, along with Valeera, who has recovered and come from Ironforge. She tells them that King Magni had recently gone to Stormwind to request aid against the Dark Iron dwarves, but had returned disappointed that Varian had denied his request. Knowing that she had been travelling with Varian, and that the Varian she had known would never had denied such a request, Valeera had found an opportunity to speak privately with the dwarven king. He had told her that yes, Varian was back on the throne of Stormwind, although he had been very subservient to his advisor Lady Prestor, and that Anduin had approached Magni as he left the city, to tell the dwarven king that he suspected that something was amiss with his father.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the cottage in Elwynn Forest, Varian realizes that it is his other half that is now sitting on the throne, being influenced or controlled by Onyxia. The need to confront her becomes even more urgent, tempered by the need to ensure Anduin's safety.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The atmosphere in the cottage became charged with tension as Valeera's revelations unfolded. Mathias Shaw, the seasoned spymaster, absorbed the information with a furrowed brow. Varian Wrynn, now aware that his other half was potentially under the influence of Onyxia, felt a surge of conflicting emotions \endash  urgency to confront the threat, tempered by the profound need to ensure his son's safety.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Valeera's words hung in the air, painting a stark picture of Stormwind's current state. The once-commanding figure of Varian Wrynn, a symbol of strength and leadership, now sat on the throne as a puppet. Lady Prestor's subtle influence, a web woven with deception, had ensnared the city.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian clenched his fists, the weight of responsibility pressing upon him. "We can't let this deception continue. Onyxia must be exposed, and I need to reclaim my place on the throne \endash  for the sake of Stormwind and my son."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The group, now united in purpose, began to strategize. The meeting in the cottage became a crucible for their resolve, forging a plan to expose Onyxia's deceit, free Stormwind from her grip, and ensure the safety of Anduin Wrynn. The stage was set for a clandestine mission that would shape the fate of Stormwind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General Marcus Jonathan, initially suspicious, was convinced of the group's loyalty by Windsor, and the gates of Stormwind were opened to them.  As Lady Prestor summoned soldiers to stop the group, the Varian on the throne defied her control, asserting that she lacked the authority.  Marshall Windsor and an exact duplicate of Varian entered the room to the shock of the other Varian, Bolvar, and young Anduin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The atmosphere in Stormwind's throne room was thick with a tension that could be cut with a blade as Marshall Windsor recited the draconic incantation. Lady Prestor stared imperiously down at the assembled group of adventurers, Windsor, and the unexpected arrival of a second Varian Wrynn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the incantation came to an end, the medallion that Bolvar Fordragon wore around his neck shattered, and the regent found his mind suddenly clearing.  The final word, "Onyxia," lingered in the air for a moment, before Lady Prestor's face twisted in rage, and she transformed into the fearsome black dragon and struck down Windsor with one great claw.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The clash with Onyxia escalated as black dragonkin guards, disguised as Stormwind soldiers, joined the fray. The two Varians found themselves initially at odds, but Anduin, showing wisdom beyond his years, urged them to unite against the greater threat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Onyxia, sensing the danger, turned her magic on Anduin. In a selfless act to protect the young prince, both Varians leapt in front of the spell. The magic that had split them was undone, merging them back into one true Varian.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, the adventurers, along with Bolvar, fought valiantly against the black dragonkin guards. With renewed determination, the united Varian led the charge against Onyxia. The battle reached its climax as the group combined their strength to defeat the malevolent black dragon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the echoes of the conflict settled in the throne room, the city of Stormwind bore witness to the restoration of its true king. Varian Wrynn, now whole and resolute, looked out over his people, the threat of Onyxia eradicated. The adventurers, having played a pivotal role in this momentous event, stood alongside their king, ready for the challenges that awaited Stormwind and Azeroth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}