{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plodding across the salt flat, Elthas glanced up as a pair of shadows passed overhead. Narrowing his eyes against the sun, he spotted a pair of gryphons flying southwards. Perhaps, he thought tiredly, they should have tried to hire hippogryphs to Theramore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The adventure had started out exciting though, as all of their previous travels had. The forests of Feralas had more than lived up to their promise, with lush foliage and towering trees. Even the towering pillars of the canyon beyond had been interesting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, however, the sun beat down on them mercilessly, and there was no shade, only blinding, flat, whiteness. His whiskers were coated in salt. And they were almost out of water; they had started rationing after passing the unhelpful Tauren, but it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least they had finally found the road. The dark mass in the distance was growing nearer also, and faint metallic sounds reached his ears. He thought briefly about shifting to his panther form, to see if he could make out what they were, but decided against it. The darker fur would be much worse in the sunlight, and it would take too much energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead, the exhausted druid focused on putting one paw in front of the other. Beside him, Carolyn did the same. The priestess had dismounted from her tired moonsaber, sending the cat away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the clanking and rattling grew louder, Carolyn paused, looking up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she paused to try to wet her lips\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94hear that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas nodded. He shifted out of form to answer, and wondered why he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t thought to do so sooner. Without fur, he felt a bit better already. \u8220\'93Something mechanical. I can\u8217\'92t tell what, but it\u8217\'92s coming from up the road.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn gave a wan smile, but her eyes sparkled again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At least this road goes somewhere then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas had to chuckle, as he gestured for them to keep moving. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s hope they\u8217\'92re more friendly than the Tauren.\u8221\'94}}