{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Aliandra:<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think I'm starting to base her on a previous character I had who went from light and innocent to darkness.. Caro comes out the other side more balanced though.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Lacy, delicate, blonde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab A fairy, pixie, nymph.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Wide-eyed innocence,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Blue-eyed wonder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Secrets lurk beneath the surface,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Like fish in a calm pond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Watching, waiting,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab To be discovered, uncovered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I raise my hand, utter the magical phrase, and the power flows through me, gathering in my upraised hand, before lashing out to strike my enemies. A moment later, another invocation, another gathering of power, although more subtle this time, and my foes yelp in pain, as the Shadow flays their minds. I throw my head back and laugh, reveling in the power which flows around and through me. I can rend flesh, and tear bones. I can bring disease and drain others of their power. I can also heal, protect, and restore. The choice is mine. The power is mine to command.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Tendrils of darkness writhe as things alive, as they work their way up my arm from my dagger hand (Xal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92atath). I watch them in a somewhat detached fascination. I know what brought this on, but I do not move to stop it. I welcome it rather, seeing the darkness work its way towards my heart as though it were happening to another. I feel detached from life. So much of the joy is gone. I am surrounded by shadows, ghosts from the past haunting me (Varian?), demanding that I avenge their deaths, and yet, I feel so helpless to do so, despite my not inconsiderable power.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>}}