{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Waiting back at the entrance to the lower city, Raynn paced back and forth along the walkway leading from the lower reaches to the sealed door to above. She could feel Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes watching her, from below the brim of her hat, as the mage sat casually on a stone bench near the lower entrance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn had been watching Kamery and Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s progress through the eyes of the Orcs and Trolls that they passed, so she knew that they were making good progress. Vaelan had resumed his Orc disguise and gone back into the city, although he had warned that he wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to do much if the rogue and druid stirred up trouble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve lost them,\u8221\'94 Carolyn muttered, her eyes refocusing on the group in front of her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 Raynn strode over to the priestess, standing near Bryna at the lower ramp. \u8220\'93Do we need to go in?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Carolyn shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They went into the Quartermaster\u8217\'92s office, but there\u8217\'92s nobody around for me to see with. I need line of sight.\u8221\'94 The priestess rubbed her forehead, pinching the bridge of her nose between thumb and forefinger. She looked exhausted, Raynn realized. Dropping her hand, Carolyn\u8217\'92s eyes began to lose focus again as she said, \u8220\'93I can watch the exit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn caught the priestess\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand, stopping her. \u8220\'93Rest for a while. This is the last, right? They\u8217\'92ll come back here soon enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn considered for a moment, then nodded. Bryna offered her some magically conjured refreshment, and she gratefully accepted, sitting down beside the red-hatted mage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few minutes later, Vaelan emerged, dropping his disguise as he approached them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re returning. Let us prepare for our last step. The Seal must be forged in the breath of the Black Dragonflight. Luckily for us,\u8221\'94 he reassured them, \u8220\'93a lesser dragonspawn will suffice. Wyrmthalak is the overlord and taskmaster of the forces below. We should be able to reach him with little trouble.\u8221\'94}}