{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery stood for a moment, watching Raynn walk away. The warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s armor glinted in the sunlight. Her stride was firm and even, without the slightest hint of nervousness at the prospect of meeting the King. Curiously, Kamery turned to her sister. Carolyn was also watching Raynn, with a more speculative look than Kamery was used to seeing without looking in a mirror.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sensing her sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze, Carolyn turned to Kamery and raised an eyebrow. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s confident.\u8221\'94 Her tone made it an explanation and a question all at once. Kamery knew that due to their usual roles in combat, her sister and the warrior had needed to work well together; Raynn could confidently draw their foes\u8217\'92 attention, knowing that her wounds would be mended by Carolyn\u8217\'92s healing power. Carolyn, in turn, could focus on healing, without needing to worry about her own safety. The relationship between warrior and healer was often close bond, but perhaps they hadn\u8217\'92t known each other for long enough yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s not from around here.\u8221\'94 Surprisingly, it was Elthas who provided the answer, with a smooth transition from sleek panther to handsome, blue-haired Kaldorei. He looked down at them from his new height, and an almost-feline shiver ran across his muscular arms. Kamery dragged her eyes up from examining the runes visible under his light leather vest at eye level, to look inquiringly into his glowing golden eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seemed to notice her momentary lapse. He was staring over her head, still watching Raynn. Kamery glanced over her shoulder to see the warrior disappear around a corner, her long auburn ponytail swinging freely behind her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She feels like... Kalimdor.\u8221\'94 Elthas\u8217\'92s aquiline nose wrinkled, as if remembering taking in the warrior\u8217\'92s scent as a panther. \u8220\'93More though. I can\u8217\'92t tell it all apart.\u8221\'94 His features twisted apologetically, and he dropped back into his more familiar form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery gave him an appreciative smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s more than I could tell,\u8221\'94 she admitted. \u8220\'93I can see why Shaw is intrigued.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speaking of,\u8221\'94 Carolyn gently reminded her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I\u8217\'92d better report all this back to him.\u8221\'94 Kamery turned to go, then half-turned back. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll be alright here?\u8221\'94 Although they had grown up just outside the city, she knew that Carolyn had only come to Stormwind a few times before she had left for Darnassus. The winding cobblestone streets could be confusing, and the criss-crossing canals that separated the various districts even more so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A soft snort answered her concern, reminding her of the fourth person standing with them. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 With that hat, how could I forget she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s there? Invisibility spell?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Kamery smiled, relieved. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry Bryna, of course they\u8217\'92ll have you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on,\u8221\'94 Bryna invited, \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s go visit my folks. Maybe get you a new robe, or a vest!\u8221\'94 She smiled as she looked over Carolyn\u8217\'92s less than pristine white robes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her sister was in good hands, Kamery decided, and turned away, already carefully considering her words for Shaw. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I may work for him, but I also know the value of keeping secrets.}}