{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn tried to stay calm under the piercing stare of the King. It had been a shock, when she had recognized him. Regardless of who he was, she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let anyone speak to Raynn that way. Her intervention had also possibly averted another battle; seeing Raynn\u8217\'92s confusion, she wasn\u8217\'92t sure that the warrior recognized King Varian.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was an imposing figure; she had only glimpsed him at a distance a handful of times in her youth. The scars cutting across his face made him all the more intimidating, but, she reminded herself, she had faced plenty of intimidation before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her thoughts went back to Tyrande Whisperwind and Jaina Proudmoore, both powerful and authoritative, and yet still approachable and ordinary people underneath. Varian, beneath the scars, the barbaric armor, and the heavy muscles, was still a man also.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fortified, she addressed his apparent confusion at her defense of Raynn. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I trained at Northshire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He blinked, breaking that penetrating gaze, then broke into laugh. Just Human indeed. Carolyn smiled back as he nodded at her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That explains a lot,\u8221\'94 the King acknowledged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His assessment turned to the other two then. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you two?\u8221\'94 His eyes ran over Raynn\u8217\'92s armor and Kamery\u8217\'92s black leather and bandanna. \u8220\'93SI:7?\u8221\'94 he guessed of the rogue, gesturing for them to start back to Morgan\u8217\'92s Vigil.}}