{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shimmering kaleidescope of sensations faded once more, and Bryna sighed at the too-familiar sight of the Mage Tower in Stormwind. Humans and Gnomes sat studiously reading from the magical tomes or stood in small groups discussing theories of spell-casting. She felt like she could recite the debates by heart. Ley lines and focal points, matrices and crossing power streams.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over the past few weeks, since parting with Kamery, she had exhausted her repertoire of portal knowledge in her search for knowledge. Mathias Shaw had been suspicious that the returned King had lost all memory of his abduction, and she had wondered if the amnesia could have been magically induced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, if Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suspicions were valid, she had no way of knowing who had actually enacted the spell, so she couldn\u8217\'92t just go around asking powerful mages if they knew how to wipe a King\u8217\'92s memory. Instead, she had turned to what she did best\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 traveling the world for research.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna decided that the portal mages lacked imagination, or the world lacked suitable portal conduits. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure which, but there was such a limited number of locations one could visit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had, to her delight, found one new one, or rather, rediscovered an old one. She smiled at the memory.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Standing in front of a half-empty bookshelf, Bryna flipped through a dusty tome with interest. Much of the library here was in disarray, but this particular book had caught her eye. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Spells of Dalaran\u8217\'92 promised to be an interesting read.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 At her feet, a small black cat batted at her boot in annoyance. She pushed it away with her toe, gently, careful not to disrupt the polymorph spell. It was such a fragile spell, and she didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t need the librarian laying about her with his cudgel again.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 She sighed, turning another page. The members of the Scarlet Crusade were fanatical, when all she wanted to do was read a few books. She had heard a rumor about this library, tucked away in the Scourge-forsaken Tirisfal Glades, on a recent visit to Darnassus, and had decided to see it for herself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Another page flipped, another already-known spell disappearing to her sight. The book was proving to be a disappointment. Her eyes scanned the next page, and then she saw it. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Teleport: Dalaran\u8217\'92. Excitement swept through her at the thought of a new spell, and a teleportation spell at that!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The cat meowed, and Bryna distractedly recast the polymorph spell, her eyes drinking in the words of the spell, committing it to memory. The transformation wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t hold for long this time, she knew, so setting the book back on its shelf\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that should mollify the zealous librarian somewhat, she hoped\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 she pulled the arcane energies around herself, enacting the new spell, wondering where exactly she would end up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The ancient city of Dalaran was well-known to all mages. Once the seat of power of the Kirin Tor, it had come under attack in the wars against the Legion, and supposedly been destroyed. Supposedly\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 nobody had witnessed the destruction and returned to tell of it, so rumors abounded. The magical prowess of the Kirin Tor had been unmatched, leading to no end of stories of their survival.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 A thrill shivered up Bryna\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s spine at the thought of studying with the mages of the Kirin Tor. As the swirling teleportation magic surrounded her, she hoped at least some of the rumors were true.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Unfortunately, if they were, this spell wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t help her\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 she felt herself falling almost as soon as she materialized. Luckily, she was always prepared with a slow-fall spell, and she whispered the word quickly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 As Bryna drifted down to the ground, she looked around, getting her bearings. She wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t familiar with her surroundings. Rolling hills covered with lush grass extended in all directions, with copses of pine trees scattered across the landscape. Glancing over her shoulder, she saw the sparkle of a lake in the distance to the northwest. She decided that this could easily be the Hillsbrad Foothills, where Dalaran had once been located. There was no shining city here though, only a massive crater in the ground.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Looking down, she inspected the crater. Rough stone edges, with jumbled boulders scattered about. With a frown, she noticed that the bottom of the crater was swarming with zombies. The mindless undead noticed her as she drifted closer, and she sighed, pulling her frost spells to mind. Zombies were so predictable.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 A shield of frost surrounded her as she touched down lightly. She calmly allowed the swarm of zombies to approach a little closer, then, as their outstretched arms were almost touching her, she cast a ring of frost, freezing them in place. A quick teleport to open the distance again, and she turned and summoned a blizzard on top of them. Pelted by ice and snow, the zombies crumpled quickly. Frost spells were so useful, she thought, smiling in satisfaction.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Looking around at the crumbled ground, Bryna decided that there was nothing useful left here, and she could see more zombies ambling around in the distance. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A book or something would have been nice,\u8221\'94 she grumbled aloud. The zombies ignored her. With a grimace, she enacted the spell that would take her back to Stormwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking around the well-known surroundings, Bryna felt the familiar frustration with familiarity growing stronger. New places were always fun, despite the undead. But now the crater of Dalaran wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t new anymore, so she was out of options again. Her eyes scanning the shelves that lined the room, she realized that she had already read all of the books here, several times for most of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was one place though, where she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t read everything yet. And where there was a former Kirin Tor arch-mage of impressive power and experience to learn from. Thinking of reading everything reminded her of her brief conversation with Shaw, the last time she had been in Stormwind. Matching wits had been an entertaining way to pass the time while Kamery had been spending some time with her rogue trainer, learning new ways to stab people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hopefully Jaina wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mind a visitor, and perhaps, she would know something about magically induced memory loss. Pulling on the teleportation magic one more time, Bryna disappeared as quickly as she had arrived.}}