{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The night air in Stormwind was crisp, carrying the scent of blooming flowers from the gardens. Raynn found herself at the entrance of the keep, where Anduin was often found, contemplating the weight of leadership. As she approached, she noticed Anduin standing alone, looking out over the city.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Anduin," Raynn called softly, not wanting to startle him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin turned, a warm smile lighting up his face as he saw Raynn approaching. "Raynn, it's good to see you. What brings you here?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn leaned against the stone railing, her eyes scanning the city below. "Just checking in on you. Leading isn't easy, especially in times like these."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin nodded, appreciating the understanding in Raynn's voice. "It's a heavy burden, but I'm doing my best."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I know you are," Raynn said, her gaze lingering on Anduin. There was a shared understanding between them, a connection that went beyond words.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unbeknownst to them, Wrathion observed from the shadows, his keen eyes missing nothing. The Black Prince had been drawn to the intriguing dance of emotions unfolding between Raynn and Anduin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Raynn and Anduin continued their conversation, Wrathion approached with a confident stride. "Well, well, what do we have here?" he mused, a playful smirk on his lips.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn turned to face Wrathion, her expression a mix of curiosity and amusement. "And what brings the Black Prince to this cozy gathering?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wrathion chuckled. "I couldn't resist the allure of such fascinating company. The two most intriguing figures in Stormwind, together."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin raised an eyebrow, a hint of amusement in his eyes. "Fascinating, indeed. What brings you, Wrathion?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Black Prince leaned against the railing, his gaze alternating between Raynn and Anduin. "Just enjoying the view and the company, of course. Stormwind's beauty is only enhanced by the interesting conversations that unfold within its walls."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The trio continued to converse, each word and glance carrying the unspoken complexities of their relationships. The night held the promise of more conversations, more shared moments, and the city below seemed to bask in the glow of the connections formed in its shadowy corners.}}