{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Raynn focused on her mining pick, her muscles stretched and tightened, directing the tool to just the right spot on the vein of ore before her. A dull orange gem was embedded in the raw mithril, barely visible, and she knew that she had to work carefully to free it without shattering it into too many useless pieces. She willed herself to block out the sounds of the surrounding jungle and the sensation of sweat dripping down her temples and back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wild jungle, Stranglethorn Vale was hot, humid, and filled with wildlife. The snap and growl of dueling raptors came from somewhere in the undergrowth nearby. From further away, the droning chants of Troll witch doctors near their temple of Zul Gurub reached her ears. The Ogres at Mosh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Ogg were quieter, but that only made them more dangerous with the element of surprise. Raynn sometimes wondered how such large awkward-looking beings could move so stealthily through the rough landscape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now was not the time for idle thoughts though, she reminded herself, making another light tap with her pick. Experience over the last few weeks had taught her that the Ogres and Trolls would keep to themselves unless provoked. The raptors could be more aggressive, but today it sounded as though they were turning that aggression on each other. Raynn could focus on her mining in relative peace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While she had come looking for blacksmithing advice, Galvan had insisted that mining went hand in hand with the craft; he had sent her out to collect materials before he would teach her anything. The Dwarf was strange, but she had admired the workmanship of his own armor. The gleaming blue-black metal had been ornate, and wrought with enchantment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Keeping the thought of learning to make such armor in mind, she gently worked the precious gem free, then set to work extracting the rest of the ore from the vein. She almost had the materials to satisfy her new instructor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turning back to Galvan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s camp, Raynn pushed her way through the thick green undergrowth, tucking the fruits of her labor in her bag with the rest of the day\u8217\'92s finds. She had once thought Elwynn Forest to be a lush contrast to Dun Morogh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Stranglethorn made that forest seem almost barren by comparison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her full bag caught Galvan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s immediate attention, prompting him to let out a hearty whoop. \u8220\'93Your work ethic is impeccable, Raynn! You are starting to understand the ways of Galvan mineralogy.\u8221\'94 The Dwarf reached for the satchel, and she handed it over wearily, but eager to learn what he could make with the contents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She's a cruel mistress, is she not, Raynn?\u8221\'94 The Dwarf pulled out a nugget of glossy, liquid-like silvery metal. \u8220\'93I'm speaking of truesilver, naturally. Aye, Galvan spent over a decade in the mountains of Alterac learning this lesson.\u8221\'94 The mention of Alterac made Raynn\u8217\'92s heart clench briefly with memory, but she pushed it aside, focusing on the instruction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unaware of her thoughts, Galvan laughed heartily, continuing to poke around in the full bag. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After such mining, your muscles bulge and your body aches! We will spent all day tomorrow learning to imbue mithril with citrine. Go rest now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His words were true, Raynn realized ruefully. Her body did indeed ache, and the daylight was starting to dim. Grateful for the respite, she sank down on her bedroll in the small encampment, looking around her with the befuddlement she felt every time she returned to the small camp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nestled in a small cleft between rocky outcroppings, nothing about Galvan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s camp indicated that he had been living in the wilds of Stranglethorn for years, possibly decades. The forge dominated the small clearing, but it was flanked by only a campfire, and a bedroll\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 now two, with her own. He had cleared the undergrowth for several meters around the lower end of the dell, and that seemed to be enough to keep the wildlife at bay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over the campfire hung a pot of simmering stew, which emitted an aroma that was not unpleasant, but neither was it particularly enticing. The stew, which was breakfast and dinner every day, seemed to be made up from whatever edibles Galvan found and added to it each day. The varied ingredients gave the concoction an earthy, but indistinct, flavor. At least the meal was filling, and gave her energy for the next day\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work, she reflected, as Galvan handed her a full bowl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Succumbing to exhaustion, Raynn fell into a deep sleep right after finishing her meal. When she woke to the morning sunlight filtering through the trees, she was thankful that the sleep was deep enough to stave off nightmares. Her memories occasionally welled up in her sleep, when she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t aware enough to push them away. Although infrequent, those nights always left her exhausted and unsettled. She would need her focus for the upcoming work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 Galvan greeted her, filling her vision with his broad features and wild dark hair. He held up a polished yellow-orange gem between their faces. \u8220\'93Citrine is a glorious gem indeed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bemused, Raynn rubbed the sleep from her eyes and admired the gleaming gem. Light played on facets deep within, beneath the still-rough surface. She could sense the potential, given what she already knew about using other gems. The idea stirred her to action, as Galvan backed away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seeing that she was rising, Galvan moved back over to the now-lit forge. Raynn untwisted the tie from her long auburn hair, then gathered it back more neatly into its ponytail and refastened it as she followed the Dwarf.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Galvan had already laid out the materials that she had gathered over the past weeks, neatly organizing them by type of ore or gem. She looked at the sizable piles with mingled pride and surprise. It hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seemed like that much as she had worked, but the dull ache in her muscles was testament to the hard work she had put in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 the Dwarf looked at her intently, \u8220\'93Galvan will show you how to fortify mithril bars with citrine. Pay attention and learn!\u8221\'94 Picking up the items in question, he gestured for her to follow his steps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two more weeks later, Raynn had crafted an impressive stack of imbued mithril bars, along with a new pair of gauntlets, pauldrons, and greaves. The work had been difficult, perhaps even more so than the mining; mithril was trickier to work with than iron, and the intricate details had taken great concentration. The resulting armor looked impressive and held powerful enchantments though, and Raynn was pleased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Galvan looked at her, pride in his dark eyes as he declared, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When you came to Galvan, Galvan knew you would turn out to be a fine pupil! It was without hesitancy that you gave up that trinket of no small value to McGavan. You did this only so you could meet Galvan. Such blind faith to the craft should be rewarded.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bustling about, the eccentric Dwarf began hammering at a small piece of metal on the anvil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is only fitting\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 BANG\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93that you\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 BANG\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93receive\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 BANG\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93a trinket of far\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he began tapping more gently\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93greater value\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tap\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93than the one\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tap\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93you sacrificed\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tap\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93to get here.\u8221\'94 With one final tap, he seemed satisfied, and handed Raynn the finished object. It gleamed with the shimmer of citrine-imbued mithril, and something else deep inside that she couldn\u8217\'92t identify. On the face was etched an intricate emblem. Holding the trinket, she felt her entire body thrum with strength.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Galvan gave her a measured look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And now,\u8221\'94 he proposed, \u8220\'93you face another choice. You may keep the trinket, of course. Or you may present it to my finest pupil, in Gadgetzan in Tanaris, and he will teach you the remaining secrets of imbued mithril.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a choice, of course. He knew, and Raynn knew, that she would be on the next ship she could find to Tanaris.}}