{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Bryna disappeared from sight, engulfed in a swirl of teleportation magic, Elthas considered his options. Although the teleportation spell would bring her to Stormwind instantly, she would still have to make her way to the Keep, gain an audience with Fordragon, and then fly back to Lakeshire by gryphon. He decided that he had a few hours\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 enough time to continue work on his latest leather-working project.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shifting into feline form, he padded out onto the boardwalk that ran between the waterfront and the main buildings of the town. The sun glinting off the water was enticing, and he hoped that he would have time to enjoy it later. He did enjoy the weightless freedom of the sleek sea lion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First, though, he needed to find a quiet place to work. Several docks jutted out into the water, but they were bustling with activity, as fishermen hauled in their catches. Beyond the wide stone bridge that crossed the narrow lake, however, he spotted another dock. Hoping that it would be less-used, he loped easily along the shoreline. The dock was indeed deserted. After taking a moment to enjoy the view and the clean, fresh scent of the air, Elthas shifted out of form. Settling cross-legged on the smooth wood, he pulled out the pieces of leather, wax, and a soft cloth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While in Un\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92goro Crater, he had collected, cured, and tanned quite a bit of leather from the local fauna, and he had cut pieces for two pairs of bracers. He had already tooled the intricate designs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 imbued with enchantment, as well as decorative\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and had dyed and burnished the leather. He now needed to seal the leather with wax, and then the bracers would be nearly completed.}}