{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, back at the small cottage in Elwynn Forest, the remaining members of the group stood to filter out of the single room. Flanking the door, Raynn and Bryna exited first, followed by Jaina and Windsor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the far side of the room, Carolyn lingered for a moment, looking around once more at her now-abandoned childhood home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he reached the door, Varian glanced back at her, and noticed her contemplative look. Crossing the room with a few long strides, he approached her, his face understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Homecomings can be hard.\u8221\'94 The King spoke softly, and Carolyn realized that he didn\u8217\'92t only mean this day. As a boy, he had been uprooted from his home as the population of Stormwind had fled north. Many years later, he had returned to rebuild the city and claim his throne. \u8220\'93As is losing a parent.\u8221\'94 He had also lost his parents, at an even younger age than she had, and not much older than his own son was now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gratefully, Carolyn smiled up at him. She caught the King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes with hers, seeing the storm of fury building within. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t let Anduin lose his.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian nodded, but his determination didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t waver. \u8220\'93With your aid.\u8221\'94 He included them all in the statement, as he turned to rejoin the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Carolyn followed, she trailed her left hand over the age-smoothed back of the chair where Varian had sat; the same chair that her father had once sat in.}}