{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stone arches of the Thandol Span rose up high overhead as Elthas padded slowly across the massive Dwarven bridge towards the Arathi Highlands to the north. The scent of the sea far below was faint in his nose, mingling with the lingering smells of mud and moss from the lands behind them. Ahead, greener plains promised fresher air, as they spread out beyond the far end of the bridge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although crumbling in places now, the Thandol Span remained strong and solid, an impressive testament to the masonry of the Dwarves. Traces of intricate carvings on the pillars, smoothed but not quite erased by time, were lingering reminders of their artistry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A pair of Dwarves clattered past them riding south into the Wetlands on their sturdy rams. Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tail twitched briefly as he watched the long-furred beasts. Pushing aside thoughts of prey, he looked over at the Humans trudging along the side of the road beside him and an old thought resurfaced once more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shifting out of form to walk alongside them, he voiced that thought, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need horses.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His unexpected shift and statement caught the Humans by surprise and they took a moment to respond. Carolyn, as he had expected, wrinkled her nose in distaste at the idea of the typical Human mounts. Elthas caught her eye with an understanding smile; he knew she had a different type of mount in mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s red hat was nodding acceptance of the idea, but Kamery raised the problem, \u8220\'93Horses are expensive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The red hat turned, as its wearer looked at Kamery with astonishment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re carrying a small fortune in kingsblood in your herb bag. You could buy four horses with that!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grey eyes widened as the statement stopped her in her tracks. \u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 she asked in confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna also stopped, to explain, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The trading houses, in all the cities. There\u8217\'92s a huge market for kingsblood these days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sell my herbs?\u8221\'94 Kamery asked slowly, as she absorbed the idea, but Bryna nodded enthusiastically.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn looked thoughtful. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do have an awful lot of it,\u8221\'94 she observed, drawing amused smiles from Elthas and Bryna. Kamery\u8217\'92s frequent detours to pick herbs through the Wetland had been an endless distraction during their travels over the past few weeks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will you have use for it all?\u8221\'94 Elthas asked, genuinely curious. The rogue could make all manner of useful potions, but he had little understanding of what each was comprised of.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery shook her head, her eyes brightening over her black bandanna as she adjusted to the idea of selling the herbs. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t actually use kingsblood for that much,\u8221\'94 she admitted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why have we been chasing it all over the Wetlands?\u8221\'94 Carolyn asked, laughing. \u8220\'93And why is always surrounded by those horrible slimes?\u8221\'94 Her face showed her distaste for the oozing semi-sentient creatures that were prevalent in the damp marshlands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shrugging, Kamery was at a loss to answer, but Bryna filled her silence. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For profit,\u8221\'94 the mage declared with an emphatic nod.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bemused, the others had no choice but to agree. Decision made, the mage began gathering the arcane energies for a portal. She was nothing if not efficient, Elthas decided, remembering her doing the same when he had asked for aid returning to Darnassus, before he had even had a chance to say goodbye to his friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This time, it was Carolyn who interrupted the spell-casting. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s at least deliver this message to Refuge Point,\u8221\'94 she suggested. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to have to walk all this way again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The arcane energy faded as Bryna lowered her hands. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, let\u8217\'92s go!\u8221\'94 The thought of making money seemed to have energized her and she led the way swiftly across the bridge.}}