{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery noticed the King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile, and felt her own lips curve upwards beneath her bandanna as her sister\u8217\'92s face softened momentarily. During their earlier ventures, she knew that Carolyn and Varian had grown close. Despite his impatience and recklessness, the King had been solicitous of the overworked healer. Kamery knew that Carolyn had also made an impression on him, as the rogue remembered her conversation with Shaw shortly after Onyxia\u8217\'92s death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Stormwind rejoiced, as the Black Dragon brood-mother\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s head was mounted above the city gates\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 a trophy, and a warning to those who would threaten the Kingdom. Kamery and Carolyn were among those watching, as King Varian gave a rousing speech, celebrating those who had endured, commemorating those who hadn\u8217\'92t, and promising a brighter future for his people.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Raynn, Bryna, and Elthas were also with them. Elthas, not wanting to stand out with his height, was once more in feline form; Bryna, less concerned, wore her usual bright red hat. Raynn stood tall and straight in her armor, but she was relaxed and smiling, even with Shaw standing nearby.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 As the ceremony drew to a close and people began to disperse, Shaw beckoned Kamery to follow him back to SI:7 headquarters. Nodding goodbye to her friends, she followed. This conversation, she knew, was long overdue. Their preoccupation with Onyxia had overshadowed their recent meetings, and she had yet to give him a full report on the months since he had sent her to Tanaris with orders to find the others.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The streets were bustling and noisy with speculation and rumors about the dragon\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s influence and death, but they made their way in silence, and soon reached Shaw\u8217\'92s office at the top of the SI:7 headquarters in Old Town. Tossing his cloak aside, Shaw took his usual post by the window, looking out across the sunlit, white stone city as Kamery waited in patient silence.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Every time\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 the spy-master turned to her with a warm smile}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93you and your friends surprise me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kamery\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s answering smile was guarded, waiting for the questions that she knew she couldn\u8217\'92t answer\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 not from ignorance, but unwillingness to betray her friends\u8217\'92 trust. She also waited, dreaded, a new assignment that pull her away from those friends.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Shaw surprised her though. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What the five of you have become, it\u8217\'92s more than a mission.\u8221\'94 He gave a self-deprecating smile. \u8220\'93I think it always was, although neither of us saw it at first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Looking back out of the window, Shaw continued, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Kamery, you have been a valuable agent to SI:7. Your group however, is far more valuable to Stormwind. We, Varian and I, would like you to continue to use your combined abilities to serve the greater good of the Kingdom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kamery\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, absorbing the compliments, and the implications. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t speak for all of us\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course. Consult with the others, and let us know. If you accept, you will be given a Royal Commission, although practically speaking, you will likely still be reporting to me most of the time.\u8221\'94 He gave a satisfied smile, and Kamery suspected that he had planted that idea in the King\u8217\'92s mind himself; Shaw did like to be involved in everything.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kamery nodded. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll ask the others.\u8221\'94 She glanced over at the stairs, then back at Shaw, wondering if he wanted anything more.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You, all of you, impressed the King, not only with your skills and abilities, but your confidence and solidarity.\u8221\'94 Turning back to Kamery, Shaw chuckled in recollection. \u8220\'93Apparently, your sister made quite an impact on him; something about Northshire priests being quite unlike those of the Cathedral.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kamery laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She suggested that he should acquire a shield.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 With an appreciative grin, Shaw gave a nod of dismissal, sending her to discuss the future with her friends. She found them waiting outside, at the base of the wall surrounding the lawn, where they were out of sight of Shaw\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s window. Bryna\u8217\'92s smirk told her that the position hadn\u8217\'92t been accidental.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is this goodbye again?\u8221\'94 The mage got right to the point. The others, even Raynn, looked concerned at the prospect. Kamery was glad to be able to reassure them; without hesitation, they all agreed to Shaw\u8217\'92s proposal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Among other endeavors, they had been tasked with aiding the Dwarves of Ironforge in combating the threat of the Dark Iron Dwarves. The influence of Ragnaros was spreading throughout the region, and now, it was time to end that threat once and for all.}}