{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In frustration, Kamery threw her dagger at the worn side of the abandoned barn. Her razor sharp blade easily lodged in the decaying wood. She stood still for a moment in the dying light of evening, collecting herself. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Stay calm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After weeks of running messages herself, now she was hunting a messenger. She had heard rumors of the Defias sending important, revealing, documents throughout Westfall, and Stoutmantle had tasked her with finding them. The courier was proving difficult to track down, and the past few days of searching had been a challenge to her patience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Retrieving her dagger, she mused back over how she had gotten into this situation. It had seemed a simple enough mission at first, to deliver a letter to Sentinel Hill in Westfall. But Gryan Stoutmantle had roped her into the investigation into the Defias Brotherhood activity in the area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Defias had once been members of the Stonemasons Guild, who had rebuilt Stormwind after the war. However, after a dispute with the House of Nobles, they had moved to Westfall and taken to criminal activity. Charged with protecting the land for Stormwind, Stoutmantle had his hands full, and readily conscripted anyone he could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her message to Stoutmantle had started a chain of delivering messages and talking to shady contacts. Various clues and rumors now pointed to the leader of the Defias being none other than the Stonemason\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leader, Edwin VanCleef himself. But the stubborn paladin wanted proof, before he would commit any of his thinly stretched forces to the matter. Her investigation had taken her from Westfall to Redridge and back. Between the gnolls and murlocs along the roads in less-defended parts, she was exhausted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the other hand, Kamery decided, she would rather be running all over Stormwind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s territory than holed up in a tree watching an unmoving stone tower, like poor Amber. She only knew a handful of Shaw\u8217\'92s many other agents, so she had enjoyed being sent to deliver a message to one of them. She grinned, remembering Amber\u8217\'92s grumbling, her lips moving against the bandanna that covered the lower half of her face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 black, not Defias red.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wind picked up, ruffling her short dark hair. She patted it back down, and turned her attention back to the job at hand. The courier had to be somewhere between here and Moonbrook, she was sure. Eyes narrowing in focus, she moved back towards the road, staying in the shadows of the tall grass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A scuffle of sound, barely distinguishable above the rustle of wind in the dry vegetation alerted Kamery to her quarry first. Her senses heightened, she crouched low, staying perfectly still as a lone figure jogged into sight. Red bandanna, check. Leather mail pouch slung over his shoulder, check.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moving slowly, she pulled the familiar vials from her belt pouch. One at a time, she coated her daggers with the mixtures. The first, on the dagger in her right hand, was carefully concocted to inflict searing pain with the slightest graze of the blades. On her left dagger, the mixture was more subtle, designed to attack the nerves and slow her opponent\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s responses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her preparations complete, Kamery gripped her daggers, eying the distance to her approaching target. Her mind flashed back to the warrior she had followed in Elwynn Forest before all this started. Bold and decisive, the woman had charged headlong into battle. Kamery hefted her dagger, considering the throw. But no, she was no warrior. Dressed in lightweight leather, she relied on stealth and agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The courier passed her position. Kamery made her move, slipping out of the long evening shadows without a whisper of sound. Her soft leather boots and light step barely left a mark on the packed dirt of the road. She could strike him down right now, she knew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perhaps she should, after all the Defias had done to the people of Westfall. Studying him though, she saw that he was young, perhaps even younger than her own nineteen years. Just a boy, caught up in the intrigues of men, likely with no other choice. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Welcome to the club.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  But perhaps, just perhaps, he could find a better way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her daggers struck twice in quick succession. The first, she reversed the blade, to strike a precise blow on the back of his head. The second, as he crumpled to the ground, stunned, deftly sliced the leather strap of his mail satchel. The weight of the missives within gave her hope. Surely, among all these documents, Stoutmantle would find something useful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boy shook his head, trying to clear it, and he struggled to rise. He managed to half-turn to look at her with dazed eyes. His hand fumbled clumsily for the short sword at his waist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery crouched beside him, her grey eyes boring into his from above her bandanna. She reached out and pulled his red bandanna off. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Find another job,\u8221\'94 she advised.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Confusion wrinkled his brow as she tossed the red bandanna aside. His hand stopped moving. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They burned our farm. They killed my pa. What else am I supposed to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 He can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be more than fourteen.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Kamery considered for a moment, thinking of Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s network of street urchins, running errands and reporting the goings-on in Stormwind. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I wonder if Stoutmantle needs another set of eyes in Sentinel Hill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come with me then.\u8221\'94 She stood, helping the boy to his feet. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll recommend you to Stoutmantle. But if you betray him, you\u8217\'92ll answer to me.\u8221\'94 She watched him for a moment, to be sure he understood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boy looked her over, his keen eyes taking in her lean form, clad in functional black leather, and the two wicked daggers now at her hips, still gleaming with the recently applied poisons. The movement of his throat as he swallowed told her that he got the message.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hefting the courier bag over her shoulder, Kamery led the way across the barren, abandoned fields of Westbrook, heading towards Sentinel Hill. She glanced sidelong at the wayward boy, wondering if it was his former home they were crossing now, wondering if she should ask. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Carolyn would know what to say to him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I wonder how she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s doing.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Kamery felt a pang of sadness, allowing herself a moment before pushing it away. She knew how much her sister had always wanted to see Darnassus, and how excited she had been at the prospect of furthering her studies under the High Priestess of Elune, Tyrande Whisperwind. She was truly happy for Carolyn, but after their parents\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 deaths, her twin sister had been all she had left. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Well, now I have Shaw.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Her inner voice laughed at the idea of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 anyone}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  being close enough to consider Shaw a friend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Few words passed between the two as they crossed the darkening plains. Kamery kept her eyes moving, alert for signs of trouble. Beside her, she sensed the boy doing the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your name?\u8221\'94 She finally broke the silence, keeping her voice low to not attract unwanted attention. From the lurking Defias to the haywire field mechanisms, Westfall was filled with dangers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Loran.\u8221\'94 Instinct or imitation kept his voice low as well. Impudently, he added, \u8220\'93what\u8217\'92s yours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery considered for a moment, then shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kamery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They walked in silence for several minutes, both alert, but Loran beginning to relax in her presence. A decaying, but still sturdy, wooden fence marked the end of one property and the beginning of another. Kamery glanced in both directions, uncertain, but Loran confidently turned to their left. Again, Kamery wondered if this had once been his home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not far along the length of fence, they came across a section where the upper rails had fallen off of their support post. Loran clambered over the tilted beams, and Kamery followed with an agile leap. As she landed, she caught a glimpse of his admiring look, before he schooled his features to sullen indifference again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sentinel Hill stood just ahead now, and Loran\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s steps slowed as they drew nearer. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s he gonna to do with me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery heard the raw emotions in his voice\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fear, uncertainty, but also an undercurrent of vulnerability. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 she answered honestly. \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t let him hurt you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Loran nodded uncertainly. He had to know that he had no choice though. Had to know that the Defias wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take him back now, having lost the communiques that now hung from Kamery\u8217\'92s shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Entering the small town, they quickly reached the watchtower. The white stone tower, commanding a strategic view of the surrounding lands, rose above a wide platform surrounding its base. At the top of the wide ramp leading up to the tower entrance, Gryan Stoutmantle stood, surveying the town he was charged with protecting. Noticing their approach, he gave Kamery a penetrating look when he saw the boy with her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this now?\u8221\'94 Stoutmantle asked, his brow lowering. \u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s this ragtag?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After sending me to talk to Wiley, you question the company I keep?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stoutmantle accepted that with a wry face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hoped you could find use for him here. Another set of eyes, or hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stoutmantle gestured her to one side, fixing the boy in place with a stern look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s Defias, isn\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94 He kept his voice low, his eyes not leaving Loran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded, clarifying quickly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was a messenger. He\u8217\'92s just a boy. He lost his home, and his family.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stoutmantle stood still for a few long moments, his eyes distant. Kamery tried to read his thoughts, but his expressionless face gave her no clues. She thought about his undermanned garrison, and how many farmers had lost their homes and lands. Not all of them had left Westfall. How many had chosen to join the Defias? Had any others returned to a lawful life?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The more she learned about the organization, the more she understood their cause. But even as her understanding grew, her abhorrence of their methods grew just as much. No matter how egregiously they had been treated by the king and nobles, their methods were unjustifiable. Loran was just one more example of that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boy stood quietly where they had left him, his eyes taking in the town they were in the center of. Warm, flickering firelight lit the windows of many of the small cottages. The lumber mill loomed large on the outskirts, a darker shadow in the growing shadows of night. The wind carried the scent of smoke and tasty stews. Kamery felt her mouth watering at the thought of a warm dinner, and wondered how long it had been since the boy had eaten a good meal. His ragged clothes hung on his thin frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stoutmantle came to a decision suddenly, walking with long strides back to where Loran waited. Kamery could see the tension in the boy, and the fear in his eyes, although he tried to stand straight and tall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You willing to do honest work now?\u8221\'94 The gruff commander demanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Loran nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What sorta work?\u8221\'94 His voice trembled slightly, trepidation still evident. Kamery wondered if Stoutmantle noticed. He wasn\u8217\'92t given to subtleties.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stoutmantle glanced over at the lumber yard, then towards the town\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s small inn. He looked back at the boy. \u8220\'93Heather Lowry could use some help at the inn. Lifting, carrying, maybe learn to cook a bit.\u8221\'94 The paladin\u8217\'92s grimace lifted Kamery\u8217\'92s lips beneath her bandanna. She had heard his complaints about the local stew on earlier visits. It wasn\u8217\'92t that the stew was bad, but it seemed to be the only thing that Heather knew how to cook.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Loran managed to perk up and relax all at once. He smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My ma taught me how to make Westfall stew.\u8221\'94 The boy faltered slightly at Stoutmantle\u8217\'92s groan. \u8220\'93And liver pie,\u8221\'94 he added hopefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stoutmantle grinned at that, clapping the boy on the shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent! But first, I have another task for you that you may not like so much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Loran looked quizzically at the commander, his relief fading slightly. Kamery suspected she knew what was about to come, and tried to give the boy a supportive look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell us everything you know about the Defias.\u8221\'94 Stoutmantle\u8217\'92s voice carried the weight of authority.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Loran deflated at that, but then he drew himself together. Perhaps the thought of a new life gave him strength. Kamery hoped so. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Their main hideout is in Moonbrook. They\u8217\'92ve got operations at all the mines, I think.\u8221\'94 He frowned uncertainly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery raised an eyebrow in curiosity. Stoutmantle was more direct. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean, you think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I never really saw them. I just left messages. And then there was other messages to pick up.\u8221\'94 The boy shrugged helplessly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where in Moonbrook?\u8221\'94 Kamery asked. Finding their base of operations would be huge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show her.\u8221\'94 Stoutmantle broke in. \u8220\'93Exactly where.\u8221\'94}}