{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walking across the dry salt flat, Carolyn glanced up as shadows flickered across their path. A pair of gryphons swept by overhead, flying southwards. Curiously, she wondered where they were heading. Although she had become fairly familiar with northern Kalimdor, her knowledge had ended at the Stonetalon Mountains and Theramore. Their recent trip to Feathermoon Island had been much further south; she was still trying to fit the different parts together in her mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She did know that there was no salt flat along the route that they had thought they were taking towards Theramore. However, neither she nor Elthas had the temperament to turn back, so they had pressed on. Unfortunately, the distance had been deceiving, and the dark shape, which Elthas had thought might be a Goblin town, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to be getting any closer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Goblin or not, Carolyn hoped that whoever lived there would be more friendly than the Tauren that they had passed as they had wound their way through the massive stone pillars of Thousand Needles. At least those Tauren, unlike the ones in Feralas, hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been hostile. They had just completely ignored her pleas for directions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Under the midday sun, Carolyn had sent her moonsaber away. Elthas had also shifted out of form. Feline fur was just too hot for this land, not without water. Her skin only had a few mouthfuls left in it. She ran her tongue over her cracking lips, then immediately regretted it, at the salty taste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Determination propelled her onwards, just concentrating on putting one foot in front of the other. In her focus, she almost missed the sounds growing from ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds mechanical,\u8221\'94 Elthas murmured, drawing her attention to the rattles and clanks. Looking up, she realized that they had indeed drawn closer. The sound triggered a memory, of the oversized reaper in the Deadmines. Pushing aside the misgivings that the thought brought, she focused instead on the fond memories of the small group that Kamery had put together for that foray.}}