{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile in Mathias Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office in the SI:7 headquarters, Kamery was finishing up her report of their recent activities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good work,\u8221\'94 Shaw nodded at Kamery. \u8220\'93Swift justice. You have done the people of Stormwind a great service, whether they know it or not.\u8221\'94 He paused for a moment, looking out the window thoughtfully. His office, on the upper floor of the SI:7 headquarters, offered a commanding view over the city, sprawling beyond the lawn separating SI:7 from the warriors\u8217\'92 barracks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery waited quietly, wondering if she had been dismissed or not. It was hard to tell with Shaw sometimes. A lot of things were hard to tell with Shaw. The man was a master of his craft, which of course, was why she was here. She studied the room carefully, although she had been here many times already; one never knew when something would change.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The walls and floor were solid oak planks, plain and unadorned. A sturdy desk stood opposite the window, its surface covered with papers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nothing important, Kamery knew. The important papers would be in the locked drawers. The most important information was stored only in Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. Behind her, she knew, the staircase to the lower floors curved downwards in a spiral that followed the shape of the tower. There was no railing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 rogues were meant to be careful, and agile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you report this to anyone else?\u8221\'94 Shaw turned back to her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery hesitated, knowing that he noticed, then answered honestly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Trias gave us a report for the King.\u8221\'94 She tried to keep her voice steady, knowing that Shaw often dealt with the aristocracy. Growing up in Elwynn Forest, she had been regaled with stories of the noble King Varian, who had reclaimed and rebuilt Stormwind just before she and Carolyn had been born. Steadying herself, she continued, \u8220\'93Raynn took it to the Keep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw was silent for a moment, and, studying him, Kamery noticed that he had stilled, his jaw tight. He seemed to collect himself though, raising his eyebrows as he asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Raynn?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded, remembering the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nonchalance. \u8220\'93She volunteered.\u8221\'94 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Although, it may just have been to avoid coming back here, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 she added mentally.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A faint smile appeared on Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face as he added the extra piece to his mental profile of the warrior. Raynn intrigued him, Kamery knew, and like a dog with a bone, he wouldn\u8217\'92t give up until he had figured her out. The spy-master nodded, as if that piece fit nicely. Kamery wondered what the two of them had spoken about earlier, when he had not-so-subtly dismissed her to leave him alone with the warrior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wondering if her next piece of the puzzle would surprise Shaw, Kamery told him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elthas says she\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she tried to remember the druid\u8217\'92s wording\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93\u8216\'91feels like Kalimdor.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw only nodded thoughtfully though, leaving Kamery feeling slightly disappointed, and wondering if perhaps she should have kept that tidbit to herself. She was certain that Shaw had not shared all of his knowledge with her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reminding her that nothing stayed hidden from Mathias Shaw for long, he changed the subject abruptly, telling her, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stoutmantle sends word that Defias activity has slowed in Westfall. He says Loran is settling in well in Sentinel Hill.\u8221\'94 A faint smirk turned his lips now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery stiffened at the mention of the Defias messenger boy. Knowing that her spontaneous act of mercy towards the boy could be seen as a weakness, she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t told Shaw about Loran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw assuaged her fears though, stepping closer to lay a hand on her shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a good heart.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He seemed about to continue, but footsteps on the stairs below alerted them to a visitor. The footsteps were awkwardly loud and deliberate. Nobody in this building made any sound when they moved, but nobody in this building would dare sneak up on Shaw either.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment later, the young messenger came into sight, his steps quieting when he saw that he had their attention. He was just a young boy, one of the many that Shaw had watching the city for him. Tousled brown hair topped a smudged face and threadbare clothes. His eyes were bright and alert though, and his lean body stood straight as he handed Shaw a folded piece of paper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once again, Kamery wondered if she should leave, but Shaw signaled her to wait with a gesture as he flipped the note open and scanned its contents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. Well done.\u8221\'94 Shaw handed the messenger a silver coin, and shooed the boy back down the stairs. The coin disappeared quickly into his shirt, and the messenger left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kamery,\u8221\'94 Shaw addressed her with an unreadable look and she felt her heart sink. Another assignment then. She had hoped for a reprieve, a chance to spend some time with Carolyn, and her new friends. \u8220\'93Go spend some time with your sister.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hide her surprise, and Shaw chuckled briefly, before he warned, \u8220\'93It may not be as relaxing as you think.\u8221\'94 With a wave, he dismissed her, walking over towards his desk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nodding, Kamery turned and left. The warning left her curious, but she wondered, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 How much trouble could a priestess get into? Then again, I still don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know everything that happened in Kalimdor\u8230\'85}}