{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Introduction}
\par\plain {4: Introductory paragraph clearly states subject of essay and captures reader's attention. }
\par\plain {3: Introductory paragraph states subject of essay but is not particularly inviting to the reader.}
\par\plain {2: Introductory paragraph attempts to state subject of essay but does not capture reader's attention.}
\par\plain {1: No attempt is made to state the subject of the essay in an introductory paragraph.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Sensory Details}
\par\plain {4: Essay includes details that appeal to at least three of the five senses (taste, touch, sound, sight, smell).}
\par\plain {3: Includes details that appeal to fewer than three of the five senses.}
\par\plain {2: Includes details that appeal to only one of the five senses.}
\par\plain {1: Includes no details that appeal to one of the five senses.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Word Choice}
\par\plain {4: Writer uses vivid words and phrases that linger or draw pictures in the reader's mind, and the choice and placement of the words seems accurate, natural and not forced.}
\par\plain {3: Writer uses vivid words and phrases that linger or draw pictures in the reader's mind, but occasionally the words are used inaccurately or seem overdone.}
\par\plain {2: Writer uses words that communicate clearly, but the writing lacks variety, punch or flair.}
\par\plain {1: Writer uses a limited vocabulary that does not communicate strongly or capture the reader's interest. Jargon or cliches may be present and detract from the meaning.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {S}{\f0\fs24\b1 imile/Metaphor/Personification}
\par\plain {4: Writer effectively uses simile, metaphor, and personification to describe the subject.}
\par\plain {3: Writer uses one example of simile, metaphor, or personification to describe the subject.}
\par\plain {2: Writer may try to use simile, metaphor, and personification but does so incorrectly.}
\par\plain {1: Writer does not include simile, metaphor, or personification in essay.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Sentence Structure (Sentence Fluency)}
\par\plain {4: All sentences are well-constructed with varied structure.}
\par\plain {3: Most sentences are well-constructed with varied structure.}
\par\plain {2: Most sentences are well-constructed but have a similar structure.}
\par\plain {1: Sentences lack structure and appear incomplete or rambling.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain { }{\f0\fs24\b1 Grammar, Spelling, Capitalization, & Punctuation}
\par\plain {4: There are no errors in grammar, spelling, capitalization, or punctuation.}
\par\plain {3: There are some errors; however, these errors do not distract the reader.}
\par\plain {2: There are errors that distract the reader.}
\par\plain {1: There are serious errors that interfere with the reader's understanding of the essay.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perched on the edge of the North Atlantic Ocean, Peggy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Cove is an idyllic fishing village turned tourist attraction. From the rugged granite shoreline to the iconic lighthouse, from the Sou\u8217\'92wester Gift Shop and Restaurant to the local artisans, the village offers a plethora of Maritime Canadian riches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peggy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Cove is built on a massive outcropping of granite that extends into the chilly grey-blue waters of the North Atlantic Ocean. The stone is speckled grey, flecked with white and black, and stretches in a wide swath along the shoreline. Tourist-filled pathways criss-cross the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rocks closer to the parking lot, but beyond the well-traveled routes, quietude awaits, overlooking the wild ocean.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sheets of bedrock are split by d}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 eep crevices, and massive boulders have been left tumbled about by ancient glaciers. The air is filled with the crash and rush of the ocean as it batters the rocky shore. Salt spray glitters like diamonds in the sunlight, filling the nose with its sharp, briny scent.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  At the waterline, the rock is dark with slick, slimy seaweed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perhaps the most recognizable feature of Peggy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Cove is the white and red lighthouse. The octagonal base of the tower is painted white, while the upper structure, which houses the light, is a vibrant red. Across the parking lot from the lighthouse stands the Sou\u8217\'92wester Gift Shop and Restaurant, which serves hearty lunches of seafood chowder and fish cakes, along with selling a variety of souvenirs to tourists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Further down the road, into the heart of the tiny village, the way is lined with the smaller shops and workshops of local artisans. Brightly colored wooded buildings are home to painters, metalworkers, and glass blowers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whether seeking a deeper connection to nature, a hearty meal, or a one-of-a-kind memento to display at home, visitors to Peggy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Cove are sure to find fulfillment. The tiny fishing village is a delightful Maritime treasure.}
\par\plain }