{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn caught Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s solicitous glance, but the battle had been relatively easy on her, so she nodded. Although the elementals had been a complication, single foes were generally straightforward in terms of healing. She gave an appreciative smile to Bryna; she hadn\u8217\'92t realized that the mage could conjure an entire snowstorm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This way.\u8221\'94 Having seen that his healer was ready, Varian wasted no time leading them onwards through the winding tunnels. Joining him at the vanguard, Raynn exchanged a few words with the King as they approached a set of closed double doors. Although the passageway had become rough-hewn stone once more after the Flamewalker\u8217\'92s chamber, these doors were ornately carved, surrounded by heavy, similarly-decorated posts and lintel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Varian paused at the entrance, group gathered around him. Carolyn found herself opposite the two warriors, with Bryna and Broll beside Varian to her right, and Kamery and Elthas between her and Raynn to the left. Uncertain if it was simply the positioning or something else, she found Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes lingered on her as he laid out the situation ahead of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Within, lie the spirits of the Summoners,\u8221\'94 he told them. \u8220\'93The seven who joined Sorcerer-Thane Thaurissan in summoning Ragnaros to this plane. They are bound to the will of the Elemental Lord, and hostile to intruders.\u8221\'94 Varian\u8217\'92s eyes met Carolyn\u8217\'92s, and held them. \u8220\'93However, they hold the secrets to dark iron, secrets that we need if we are to fight the Firelord. We need one chained to our will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At his words, Carolyn felt the familiar tightness in her chest and her thoughts swirled. She felt Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand take hers, and knew that her sister also understood what the King was asking. Similar to taking control of a living mind, chaining a soul was a powerful Shadow spell. Working with the Shadows left her drained and disquieted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze was unremitting, brooking no argument. She offered none. He was stubborn, obstinate, reckless\u8230\'85but still her King.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Furthermore, his reasoning was sound; she knew that Raynn had obtained some notes on working with the strange metal, but had yet to learn how to properly extract it from the raw ore. If this would further that knowledge, then she had to try. Giving Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand a grateful and reassuring squeeze, Carolyn nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s agreement solidifying their plan, Varian and Raynn pushed open the double doors and the group entered the elaborate tomb, leaving the heat of the tunnel behind. Within, the floor was tiled in glazed stone, laid out in elaborate patterns. Although the air was cooler, it carried a heaviness that seemed to muffle the sound of their steps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The oval chamber was lined with seven alcoves, each flanked by tall fluted pillars of pale brown stone. The tops of the pillars flared as they reached the smooth ceiling high overhead. Each opening containing a large carved sarcophagus. Although the Summoners bodies had been consumed by the elemental chaos that they had unleashed, their spirits were tied to the elaborate coffins and they filled the room with an ominous foreboding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those spirits stirred as they reached the center of the room, converging on the group with malevolent intent. Using both her eyes and her priestly insight, Carolyn scanned the seven, finding the one she judged most malleable. With a word, golden chains of holy light locked the Dark Iron soul in place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn and Broll drew the attention of the others, pulling them away from her ghostly prisoner. Keeping one eye on her holy chains, Carolyn focused on healing the warrior and ursine druid. This part, she knew, was the easy part. The chains were holy magic, but bending the soul to her will later would take all of her strength and will. Despite knowing the toll, she was confident that she would succeed; her training had been thorough.}}