{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes burned with unfamiliar moisture, but her friends\u8217\'92 warmth surrounded her, reassuring her. Slowly, haltingly, through her tight throat, the warrior revealed the painful tapestry of her past. They listened quietly, acceptingly, with few interruptions as she acknowledged what they had already somewhat guessed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that she had grown up in Lordaeron, and traveled to Kalimdor with the Orcish Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warmth of Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand on her shoulder, and Elthas\u8217\'92s firm grip on her hands steadied her, as she told them about her parents\u8217\'92 deaths at the hands of angry and frightened Humans at an internment camp. Her mother had been studying the Orcs; the family had been caught in the middle when Thrall\u8217\'92s army had arrived to liberate the Orcish prisoners.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They listened without judgment as she told them how Grom and Thrall had found her, and delivered her to safety with the Dwarves of Dun Modr. At the mention of Grom\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s name, she felt Elthas\u8217\'92s hands tighten involuntarily on hers, but the druid gave her an apologetic look and continued listening as she explained that she had known Grom as a mentor and protector, not the demon-driven force of destruction he had been to the Kaldorei.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom had been the first to find her dying father, while she had watched from hiding, terrified. Her father had accepted Grom\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s offer of a swift death, but only after making the fierce Orc promise to care for his daughter. Even to the end, Grom had considered that a blood oath\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an unbreakable bond between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna nodded thoughtfully as Raynn admitted to misdirecting the Human army that would have caught the Orcs before they could safely depart from Southshore, and how Thrall and Grom had taken her with them to protect her from reprisal. The mage had already deduced that she had traveled to Kalimdor with the Orcs, Raynn knew from Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s earlier questioning, thankfully cut off at the time by Kamery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms surrounded Raynn as she told them what she knew about her injury; she had been with an Orcish patrol in Ashenvale when they had been beset by a demon and she had been incapacitated. She had passed out from the wound, and woken weeks later, in Jaina\u8217\'92s camp at Stonetalon Peak. Still uncertain herself about her rescuer, she omitted mention of the shadowy figure who had dispatched the demon before it could finish her off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The judgment she had feared didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come. She had divulged even more than Jaina knew, her words a stream of memory that once started, she hadn\u8217\'92t been able to stop, but they accepted her. Raynn felt tears welling in her eyes, but it was, as Elthas had said, cleansing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had fallen into an exhausted, but peaceful, sleep not long after. When they awoke, there were a few lingering questions, which Raynn answered honestly, if occasionally hesitantly. She was still getting used to being this vulnerable, and the others were willing to give her time, for the wound Elthas had mentioned to begin to heal.}}