{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Elthas made his way to the heart of Darnassus, the towering trees embraced him in a leafy canopy. His druid master, an elder Kaldorei with a deep connection to the land, awaited in the Cenarion Enclave. The druidic teachings and communion with nature were essential to Elthas' growth, and he spent weeks immersed in the ancient wisdom, refining his abilities as a guardian of the wild.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, Carolyn's anticipation surged as she entered the city of Darnassus. The Moonsaber stables, nestled in a tranquil glade, beckoned her with promises of a bond forged between rider and mount. The majestic creatures grazed peacefully, their coats shimmering in the moonlight filtering through the dense foliage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a brief exchange with the stable master, Carolyn found herself atop a graceful Moonsaber. The bond was instant, and together they moved with a harmonious grace that spoke of a deep connection. As they explored the quiet corners of Darnassus and the serene landscapes beyond, Carolyn marveled at the sense of freedom and unity she now shared with her newfound companion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Stormwind, Kamery navigated the bustling streets, making her way to SI:7 headquarters. Mathias Shaw greeted her with a nod, recognizing the efficiency and skill she brought to their clandestine operations. Together, they delved into reports, whispers, and covert missions, keeping a watchful eye on the shadows that threatened the Alliance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the other hand, Bryna's teleportation antics came to a halt as she realized the thrill of solo exploration could not replace the camaraderie of a well-coordinated team. Restless and craving the shared victories of adventuring, she decided to seek out her companions once more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As destinies converged, Elthas, Carolyn, Kamery, and Bryna found themselves drawn back together, their paths crossing once more in a shared journey that awaited them. United by bonds forged in the crucible of adventure, their stories continued to unfold across Azeroth's vast landscapes.}}