{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the base of the dais in the throne room, Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind worked to process the chaos that had erupted in the last few minutes. The clash of weapons and clatter of dragonspawn claws on marble floors echoed through the room. Gathering a frost-bolt, she flung it to slow the approach of a nearby dragonspawn. Beside her, Jaina Proudmoore was also employing the slowing, chilling magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna wondered if Jaina had know what Windsor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spell would do to him. The flame had caught her by surprise, although in hindsight, it seemed to fit with what she knew of such incantations. Something as powerful as unveiling a draconic brood-mother would require a great sacrifice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The room was swarming with the black dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lesser kin, as more entered from the side hallways. They carried with them a harsh, smoky scent, reminiscent of volcanic ash. The nobles who hadn\u8217\'92t been dragonspawn in disguise had fled immediately, leaving only herself, Jaina, Carolyn, Raynn, and several badly outmatched guardsmen to face the dragon and her kin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Had Windsor himself known what the spell would entail? He had seemed confident that his research had been complete, so it seemed likely. Although she had only known him for a few days, Bryna had come to respect the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dedication to his task. He had been remarkably thorough, with not much more than suspicion to go on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She amended her mental list of allies, as Shaw emerged from the shadows beside Bolvar Fordragon. The paladin seemed frozen in indecision as he watched the two Varians argue, but with a few words from the spy-master, he rallied himself, taking a more protective stance to Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right. Shaw himself darted through the shadows to bury his daggers in a nearby dragonspawn\u8217\'92s flank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn had known, she realized. There could be no other explanation for the priestess\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s calm acceptance. Despite her adventures in Kalimdor, Carolyn was no expert on draconic magic, so Windsor must have told her. Thoughtfully, Bryna flung another frost-bolt, her admiration for the late Marshal growing ever stronger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she fired off another frost-bolt at an encroaching dragonspawn, she could hear the two Varians angrily demanding answers of each other behind her. A glance over her shoulder confirmed that they were facing off against one another to one side of the looming dragon. Their swords were drawn on each other, rather than uniting against the obvious common enemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turning back to her own draconic enemies, Bryna gathered another frost-bolt. Lo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Gosh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she decided to use Broll\u8217\'92s gladiator name for the man they had met in the Burning Steppes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 snarled at the other Varian. \u8220\'93Your blind obedience to this snake has cost us much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her instinct was to freeze her enemies in place and retreat, but there was no room to retreat further onto the dais, and she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t leave Carolyn unprotected. The priestess\u8217\'92s whispered spell-casting was non-stop as she healed Raynn and Bolvar. The warrior was holding the attention of several dragonspawn and Onyxia herself, while the paladin had drawn the attention of most of the closer dragonspawn on his side of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Her hold on me weakens every day,\u8221\'94 Varian retorted with regal aplomb; he seemed to have regained some of his will after all. Bryna fired off another frost-bolt, wishing that she could channel some of her irritation at the two Kings into her magic. Jaina hit the same target with an arcane barrage, and thankfully, the dragonspawn fell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have endangered our kingdom and the Alliance.\u8221\'94 Lo\u8217\'92Gosh wasn\u8217\'92t appeased. \u8220\'93You have endangered our son!\u8221\'94}}