{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the dimming light, Thrall surveyed the aftermath of battle, his piercing green eyes settling on the lifeless forms of Ellis and Lysandra. Confusion and concern etched across his features as he sought answers from Grom, who stood resolute beside him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What has transpired here?" Thrall inquired, his gaze lingering on the battered bodies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom's response resonated through the air, heavy with the weight of recent actions. "They were near death, Thrall. Beaten. I offered the man a quick end. Before he died, he made me swear to find and protect his child."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall's brow furrowed, his eyes narrowing as he observed the state of the fallen humans. A child? The realization of the severity of their injuries cut through him. "A child, Grom? In the midst of our war-band? It is no place for a human. They won't survive among us. We are on a mission to liberate our people."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom's determination clashed with Thrall's skepticism. "Thrall, it's a matter of honor. A blood oath. I won't break it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gravity of the situation bore down on Thrall as he hesitated. His thoughts echoed in the silence, grappling with the conflicting demands of duty and compassion. The revelation of a blood oath added a layer of solemnity to the decision at hand. "A blood oath, Thrall," Grom reiterated, emphasizing the sacredness of the vow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall, acknowledging the weight of the oath, finally relented. "Very well, Grom. But the risks are great. We must be cautious."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they rode towards the Thandol Span, Thrall's mind wrestled with the implications of their newfound charge. The promise to protect a human child reverberated within him, setting the tone for the journey ahead, marked by uncertainty and duty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}