{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Jaina entered the bustling encampment, the weariness of battle etched on her face. Her gaze swept across the wounded, the diligent medics, and the worn but determined soldiers. She felt the weight of responsibility as the leader of these forces. Among the various faces, her eyes caught sight of a figure seated on a makeshift bed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Approaching the young girl, Jaina noted her plain attire, a stark contrast to the armor-clad warriors around. The medics had done well; her wounds seemed to have healed, but weariness lingered in her eyes. Jaina studied her for a moment, a hint of curiosity sparking in her gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Hello there," Jaina greeted with a warm smile. "I haven't had the chance to properly introduce myself. I'm Jaina Proudmoore." She extended a hand in greeting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The girl, still recovering from her injuries, regarded Jaina with a mix of curiosity and wariness. The name seemed to click in her mind, recognition flickering in her eyes. Raynn hesitated for a moment before reaching out to shake Jaina's hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I'm Raynn," she replied, her voice steady but guarded. "Raynn Tanner."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Jaina's brows raised slightly. The name held no immediate significance, but there was a story behind those guarded eyes. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Raynn. You've been through quite an ordeal. How are you feeling?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Raynn's gaze flickered around the encampment, uncertainty lingering in her eyes. "I'm better, thank you. Still getting used to being on my feet again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Jaina nodded understandingly. "Take your time. We've been through a lot, and healing is a process. If there's anything you need or if you'd like to talk, I'm here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The girl, Raynn, offered a small nod, her guard softening just a fraction. "Thank you, Lady Proudmoore."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Jaina's gaze lingered on Raynn for a moment longer before she excused herself to attend to other matters. As she navigated through the encampment, she couldn't shake the curiosity about the young warrior and the untold story that seemed to linger in her eyes.}}