{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn whispered a spell under her breath as she ran down the dirt road. The pain in her arm faded slightly, continuing to fade as the holy magic did its work. Her blonde hair, loosely knotted at the back of her head, bounced with each step. That last fight had been too close for comfort. She could still hear the harpies screeching angrily behind them, but the sound was fading into the distance now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93El,\u8221\'94 she panted, trying to catch her breath. \u8220\'93Slow down!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ahead of her, her companion did as asked, turning back to look at her with shining golden eyes. The druid was in his feline form, as usual. The sleek black panther could run swiftly and seemingly forever. She wondered if all druids were like that, or if Elthas was particularly energetic. The other druids that she had met in Darnassus had been mostly relaxed, almost seeming ready to slip into the Emerald Dream themselves at any moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re injured!\u8221\'94 Elthas\u8217\'92s voice carried genuine surprise, and concern. He had shifted out of his feline form with a speed that took Carolyn by surprise no matter how many times she witnessed it. As a Kaldorei, he was a full head taller than her, with broad shoulders and a trim waist. Curving druidic symbols were tattooed in dark ink on the dusky violet skin of both of his muscular arms. Green nature magic glowed in his large hands, then surrounded her. She felt the invigorating surge of his healing add to her own holy spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be fine now. Thanks.\u8221\'94 Her lips curved gently upwards as she looked up at the young druid. He might prefer to be a panther all day, but he was more than ready with healing when needed. She glanced down at her arm and saw that the jagged slice was nearly completely healed now, with the last vestige of redness fading away as she watched. Her white robe didn\u8217\'92t heal as easily, but she had thread back at the inn to deal with that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas had returned to her side, also watching her arm. Nodding in satisfaction, he suggested with characteristic good spirits, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe we should avoid the harpy nest for now.\u8221\'94 They had been traveling and adventuring together for just over a year now, and she had never seen him lose his optimism. Even after their worst defeats, he just shrugged it off and suggested they move on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile widened and she nodded in agreement. Glancing around at the cobweb filled forest they had stopped in, she shuddered. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s just get back to the inn for now. We can figure out where to go next from there. Just remember, I can\u8217\'92t keep up with your feline form!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas hung his head, his waist-length dark blue hair falling forward around his angular face. Carolyn wondered why he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t tie it back, but as he shifted smoothly back into panther form, she changed her internal query to wondering if the shorter fur was the reason for his preference. She patted her own hair, tucking a few stray strands back into the knot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her hair once more neat and tidy, Carolyn resumed her jog back to the inn. Once they left the musty, spider-infested grove behind, the sparse pine forest of the Stonetalon Mountains made for pleasant traveling. Elthas remembered to slow his pace, stopping every few steps to look back at her. Carolyn spent the time anticipating a soak in the nearby hot spring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When they approached the inn however, her plans were changed by the innkeeper. As they passed his desk, he waved her over, holding out a letter. Taking the cream-colored parchment, Carolyn eyed the missive in mild confusion. Who would be writing to her out here? Who even knew she was here? The last time she had written to Kamery, they had still been in Astranaar, so any response would have needed to be forwarded on. Knowing how long it took the ship to cross the sea between them, Carolyn wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even sure if Kamery would have received her latest letter yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas leaned into her leg, and she knew he was also curious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know who it\u8217\'92s from,\u8221\'94 she answered his unspoken question. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s find out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The broad veranda at the back of the building offered a quiet place to read, so Carolyn quickly crossed the inn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s common area. Settling on a bench against the railing, she tucked her long robes around her. The open architecture of the Kaldorei never ceased to soothe her; the smooth, curving lines and wide, airy spaces made the inn feel as if it had been grown rather than built. A cool breeze caressed her skin, bringing with it the fresh, sharp scent of pines. Elthas jumped up on the seat beside her, and started licking one massive paw. She cast a wistful glance down to the hot spring below before giving in to her curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turning the the letter over in her hands, Carolyn studied the address. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Carolyn Wilson, Stonetalon Peak Inn\u8221\'94 were all that were written; she didn\u8217\'92t recognize the crisp, blocky penmanship. Breaking the unmarked blob of blue wax that held the letter closed, she unfolded it, to find familiar handwriting. \u8220\'93It is from Kam!\u8221\'94 Delighted surprise filled her. She hadn\u8217\'92t expected to hear from her twin sister again so soon. In her last letter, Kamery had sounded busy with her work, the details of which, of course, she could never mention. Carolyn understood enough about SI:7 though, that her imagination filled in all sorts of interesting, albeit dangerous, escapades. Kam, she was confident, could handle herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Carolyn scanned the contents of the letter, though, she realized that perhaps Kamery had gotten in over her head this time. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At least she has the sense to ask for help,\u8221\'94 Carolyn muttered. The thought of her competent, self-assured sister in a situation where she felt the need to ask for help chilled her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas butted his head up against her arm, his whiskers tickling her skin through the tear in her robe. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s happened?\u8221\'94 he asked, his smooth voice coming easily from the panther\u8217\'92s throat. Carolyn had never understood what sort of druidic magic made that possible, but she was used to it by now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kam\u8217\'92s got an assignment. She doesn\u8217\'92t say much, but asks if I could return to help her.\u8221\'94 Carolyn looked over at the big cat next to her. Looking back down at the letter, she read her sister\u8217\'92s words. \u8220\'93\u8217\'92I\u8217\'92ve run into a bit of a situation here. We could use your talent.\u8217\'92 I doubt she\u8217\'92s talking about my strategic senses.\u8221\'94 Carolyn gave her sleeve a rueful look. \u8220\'93I think she wants a healer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head tilted to one side. \u8220\'93We?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn looked back at the letter, surprised. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. I missed that,\u8221\'94 she admitted. \u8220\'93I have no idea what she\u8217\'92s gotten into, but she\u8217\'92s my sister.\u8221\'94 She would answer her sister\u8217\'92s call, there was no doubt of that. They were all each other had, and had always been close, despite their differences. Beyond that, Carolyn knew that whatever her methodology, Kamery was working for the betterment of the world. The sisters had at least shared the same desire for justice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve run out of things to do here anyway, haven\u8217\'92t we?\u8221\'94 Elthas always found the positive in anything. Carolyn looked back at him and saw that the druid was smiling, the sight a bit disconcerting with his fangs bared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, we have. Do you want to see Stormwind? It could be dangerous.\u8221\'94 Elthas was nodding before she even finished the question. She wasn\u8217\'92t sure if he even heard the warning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go talk to the hippogryph master. He can get us to Auberdine quickly!\u8221\'94 The sleek panther leaped off the bench and trotted eagerly out of the inn, leaving Carolyn with her thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess I\u8217\'92ll go pack.\u8221\'94 Carolyn spoke softly to herself. At least the sea journey would give her time to mend her robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should get a portal in Darnassus.\u8221\'94 Elthas had circled back with the thought. He didn\u8217\'92t give her a chance to answer though, just ran out of the inn again. Carolyn laughed softly at his unquenchable spirit. So much for mending the robe.}}