{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kings, missing or otherwise, were the furthest thing from Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind, as she jogged along the winding road through Stranglethorn Vale. The packed dirt of the road was dry and cracked underfoot, and her boots left trace of her passing. The light, dusty dirt was a stark contrast to the lush colors of the jungle surrounding her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vines and twisting roots covered the rolling landscapes to either side of the road, dotted with bright purple and red flowers with broad, deep green leaves. Trees that she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know the names to rose high overhead, their bare trunks covered with scaly bark, leading up to high leafy crowns that shaded the jungle floor. Raucous calls from brightly colored birds sounded from the treetops.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air was still and heavy, filled with the monotonous buzz of insects, but every now and again, a light breath of breeze brought a hint of salty tang. As the road curved around another bend, she caught a glimpse of broad expanses of cerulean water in the distance. She was approaching Booty Bay at last.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The entrance to the town led through a tunnel in the steep hills surrounding the bay. A ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mast was mounted over the opening, and the tunnel was shored up with repurposed beams and ships\u8217\'92 rigging. It emerged onto a platform overlooking the town, a near-full circle, built on elevated boardwalks around the edge of a deep, steep-edged bay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The small port town was a haven of ruffians and pirates, but rough-looking Goblin bruisers, working for the Steamwheedle Cartel, kept the peace in the town. Years ago, Raynn had encountered similar guards, in the Cartel town of Ratchet, in Kalimdor. Although not much more than half her height, the green-skinned Goblins were tough and muscular, and could easily subdue even a massive Tauren.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A long ramp to her right led down to the level of the main boardwalk, but to her left, a short bridge led to a narrow plateau in the hillside, at the end of which she spotted an open-air forge. Heading that way, she found a Human man working at the forge. He was wearing darkly gleaming armor of the same metal as the insignia she carried, and Raynn admired the intricate work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93McGavan?\u8221\'94 Raynn asked, and the man nodded distractedly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When she presented the insignia, McGavan took notice, exclaiming, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Finally, one worthy of the Mithril Order!\u8221\'94 He set aside the gauntlet that he was repairing, giving her his full attention. \u8220\'93Most of our recruits never make it to Booty Bay. The shine of the insignia is enough to trigger the loot lust in even the staunchest of blacksmiths. Fools they be, as the insignia is a drop in the bucket compared to the wealth of items you'll see!\u8221\'94 His voice carried the lilting accent of Kul Tiras.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Galvan will indeed teach you much, if you heed his words. Seek him out in the northern reaches of the Vale, between the Troll ruins of Zul Gurub and the Mosh\u8217\'92Ogg Ogre mound.\u8221\'94 At Raynn\u8217\'92s nod of understanding, McGavan turned back to his repair work. He had a pile of such work nearby, she realized, and she left him to his work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sun was lowering behind the hills as she returned to the town entrance, so she asked one of the bruisers for the location of the inn. The gruff Goblin pointed across the bay to a building built around a ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bow, now raised well out of the water it had once sailed on. With a nod of gratitude, Raynn made her way around the creaking boardwalks. The lower floor, below the ship\u8217\'92s hull housed a bustling bar run by a cheerfully mercenary Goblin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At her request for a room for the night, the innkeeper directed her upstairs, to a small room built against the outer hull of the ship. Through her small window, Raynn could see a waterfall cascading down the cliff outside. On the wall between the window and the door hung a painting of an unfamiliar desert town, incongruous in this lush green jungle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn felt a thrill of excitement as she considered the following day. She had traversed the northern part of the Vale already, and although she knew that the trip back would be long, the thought of learning to make armor like McGavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spurred her on. Although his directions had been vague, she had seen the Troll ruins and Ogres off to the west as she had passed, so she had some idea where to look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If nothing else, she mused, she could always ask at Hemet Nesingwary\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s encampment. A group of dedicated, and somewhat competitive, hunters, they had been friendly and welcoming when she had first passed through. She had spent her first night in the Vale at their small camp, where, around the crackling campfire, they had regaled her with tales, and warnings, of the wildlife to be found in the jungle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The muted sound of falling water soothed her into sleep, and she woke the next morning refreshed and ready to make the long trip back north. The road passed quickly under her eager feet, and by mid-afternoon she found herself once more at the sagging vine-and-plank bridges that criss-crossed the deep river gorge that wound through the northern Vale.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the distance to the east, Raynn could see the massive sandstone walls of the Troll stronghold of Zul Gurub, and she knew that the Ogres were just to the south, so she struck out through the jungle in what she hoped was the right direction. A feline roar sounded nearby, followed by the crack of a gunshot, suggesting the proximity of one of Nesingwary\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hunters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A curl of smoke over a low ridge ahead gave her hope, and coming around the end of the rocky spur, she found a small camp nestled in a small hollow between steep hills. A campfire crackled and burned near the open end of the vale, and further back stood a forge, now cold, and a well-worn, but solid, anvil. A wooden slack tub stood nearby, filled with water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Dwarf sat by the fire, idling stirring a stew in a pot that hung off to one side of the heat. The stew was aromatic, although Raynn couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite identify the scents. The Dwarf\u8217\'92s head was balding, although he still had a long tail of grey-blond hair at the back of his neck. His beard and mustache were still full and thick, woven into heavy braids that fell to his waist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked up as she approached. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What brings a stranger to Galvan\u8217\'92s camp?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn showed him the insignia, and his eyebrows rose, his dark eyes lighting with pleasure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, many years it has been since one has been worthy of the Mithril Order's initiation. We will start now!\u8221\'94 He stood abruptly, stew forgotten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn looked eagerly at the forge, but Galvan shook his head, beckoning her to follow as he left the camp. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Many blacksmiths believe that mining and smithing are separate, independent jobs.\u8221\'94 Galvan scoffed. \u8220\'93Can the art of blacksmithing exist without its sister, mining? Ah ha\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it is an impossibility!\u8221\'94 A shake of his head emphasized his point. \u8220\'93The synergy is unbreakable. To be an accomplished blacksmith, one must also be an accomplished miner!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded slowly, absorbing the idea. While she had some ability to find raw ores herself, she had often bought what she needed, as her father had. Galvan seemed to imply that mining the ores oneself was also an important part of the process though. Considering, she realized that extracting a mineral from the earth and smelting it herself did indeed give her a better understanding of its behavior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Galvan led her through the surrounding hills, he showed her how to find and extract veins of mithril and truesilver, continuing to expound on the unfamiliar minerals. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is said that truesilver is stronger and more durable than mithril. Galvan does not disagree with this assessment of the minerals, but contrary to its name, truesilver is not true! Mithril is a far nobler mineral!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Raynn tried to follow the Dwarf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assessment of the different metals, Galvan\u8217\'92s thick fingers indicated where to direct her pick in an exposed vein of slick, silvery ore. \u8220\'93Regardless, for this lesson you will need to extract the great silver deceiver, Raynn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Along with the ores themselves, he also taught her how to identify the raw gems within the ores, citrine and others, and extract them carefully. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The harvesting of precious gems is of utmost importance to our craft, Raynn.\u8221\'94 She listened attentively, following his directions with trepidation. She had spotted similar, less potent gems in the ores in Elwynn Forest and Dun Morogh, but had never mastered the art of extracting them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A thrill ran through her as an intact gem fell free under the delicate taps of her mining pick. Retrieving the freshly dislodged dull orange gem, Galvan held it up admiringly, telling her, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Few gems are more precious than the \u65532\'3Fcitrine. The magical properties we imbue into our goods are amplified greatly by the presence of citrine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sun was lowering in the west now, leaving the jungle floor in long, dark shadows, and making it difficult to see the ores, so they turned back to the small camp. It had been a long day, but the afternoon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work had been satisfying, as purely physical activity always was to Raynn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Galvan has taught you the fundamentals now,\u8221\'94 the Dwarf declared. \u8220\'93Now, it is up to you to master these minerals. Tomorrow you will continue your search in these hills, and bring your findings to Galvan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her head spinning with the flurry of information, Raynn accepted the Dwarf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s directive, as he led them back. She took note of the nearby landmarks, certain that she would be spending a lot of time in the green hills of Stranglethorn in the near future.}}