{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After that, the group had bonded even more closely. Although they still chased individual pursuits at times, they began spending more time together also. They discovered a hot spring on the northwestern slope of the dormant volcano at the center of the crater, and spent several afternoons enjoying relaxing soaks and deep conversations in the warm, pungent water.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 About a week later, on one of her solo explorations, Bryna found herself on a high balcony well above the jungle floor of Un\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92goro Crater, even higher than the soaring treetops. The balcony surrounded an entrance built into the cliff-side; there was no apparent way up or down, but luckily, she had found the teleporter pad tucked away in a small crevice below. Williden\u8217\'92s constant requests for crystal gathering had been worth something after all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The pad, like the facility itself, had been made from some sort of sandstone, darker and more brown than the grey granite of the cliffs. The balcony outside was hidden from below by the thick leaves of the giant trees that filled the crater, as well as the tendency of most people not looking this far upwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wide entrance led directly into the cliff itself, as a spacious hallway was carved straight back. The corridor was perfectly squared, and intricate carvings ran down the sides of the walls. In some ways, it reminded her of the works of the Dwarves, but more elegant. The way was lit by glowing golden lights along the edges of the floor. Bryna couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t tell what they were; they were steady and unflickering, but didn\u8217\'92t seem like any magic she was familiar with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wide, circular room opened out at the end of the short hallway, with the floor lights following the curves of its sides. The air was dry and almost chilly after the heat of the jungle and even though the hallway hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been that long, she could no longer hear the sounds of the birds in the trees outside. At the back of the chamber stood a single low console made of some type of golden metal. It\u8217\'92s slanting top seemed to be some sort of interface, and the rest of the room was empty, so Bryna walked over to it to investigate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She knew that the Dwarves had found a similar Titan facility not long ago, in Uldaman, but they had yet to decipher the informational discs that they had retrieved there. She had been allowed, briefly, to examine them where they were held at the Hall of Explorers in Ironforge, but she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been able to make sense of the strange runes either.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hoping for better results this time, Bryna studied the console. From what little she had read of the Titans, they had been powerful, and more importantly to her, knowledgeable. Having exhausted her other sources of information, she hoped that their secrets might shed some light on the magical practice of taking someone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s memory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had been momentarily excited when Erozion had said he had altered Thrall and Taretha\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s memories, and had lingered behind to ask Soridormi afterwards. The bronze dragon had only shaken her head apologetically though. \u8216\'91It\u8217\'92s not a spell,\u8217\'92 she had explained. \u8216\'91It\u8217\'92s just something we can do; an innate draconic ability.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frowning at the memory, Bryna pushed one of the two buttons on the console, which flanked large central circle. The golden disc had a fine line down the center, and she suspected it was a cover for something below. The console was unresponsive though. Bryna tried the other button, then both together, then tried just pushing the cover open by herself. The smooth golden metal was unmoved by her efforts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She could find no other elements on the console, although she examined every side of the thing; there were no hidden switches, buttons, or pressure plates. The rest of the room was similarly, frustratingly, plain and unhelpful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soridormi had said that the bronze dragons hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t interfered with Stormwind\u8217\'92s politics, but, Bryna realized as she turned the memory over in her mind, there were more dragons in the world than just bronzes. She remembered the firemane drake on Alcaz Island.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  With a sigh, Bryna turned and left, hoping that her companions were having a more productive time in the crater than she was.}}