{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8259\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Background:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Daughter of refugees<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8259 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ellis Tanner, a former soldier of Stormwind, now a refugee in Arathi Highlands}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8259 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lysandra Quinn, daugher of Kirin Tor mages; no magical ability of her own; scholar studying the lethargy of the orcs}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Orphaned at age 10}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lived with dwarves for 4 years<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Traveled with Grom and the Warsong clan to Kalimdor}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Badly injured just before Battle of Mount Hyjal; still has scars on her front and back, just above her waist}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spent time in Theramore with Jaina Proudmoore}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Traveled to Stormwind shortly after Daelin Proudmoore\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s death}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>In Year 6, Ellis and Lysandra\~ met when Lysandra was among the humans fleeing from the Battle of Hillsbrad Foothills and Ellis was one of the soldiers protecting the refugees. They settled together in one of the refugee camps in the Arathi Highlands, and Raynn was born 10 months later. Near the end of Year 6, Ellis assisted in the liberation of Khaz Modan, fighting alongside the dwarves of Ironforge. He returned to Arathi to be with his wife and daughter, but continued to fight alongside the dwarves in the Wetlands when needed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Year 7 Lysandra began studying the orcs in the internment camps in Lordaeron, learning of their culture and language.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Year 10, Lysandra became even more involved with the orcs, trying to determine the cause of their lethargy. Raynn often joined Lysandra on her visits to the camps, and began to learn the orcish language herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Year 12, Raynn began to join her father at his forge. She was too young to swing the hammer herself, but watched his movements carefully and helped with light tasks. Ellis also began training Raynn to fight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}