{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thus far, they had met little opposition, but now, they encountered several Dark Iron watchers. Kamery watched with an inward sigh as Varian and Raynn charged into battle immediately. Broll, shifting forms to a fierce bear, joined them readily, with Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s panther close behind. Bryna\u8217\'92s frost-bolts flew at the Dark Iron Dwarves, but often landing late as they fell under the assault of the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Healing the warriors, Carolyn gave her sister a glance, meeting her eyes with a meaningful nod of her head to the deeper parts of the cavern. Kamery smiled under her bandanna, acknowledging the silent message. Silently, she slipped into the shadows to pass around behind the melee. As she passed Elthas, the feline druid took notice. As his current foe fell, he also joined her in the shadows, and they padded silently deeper into the network of caves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gradually, the sounds of combat faded behind them, replaced by the increasingly more numerous footsteps of Dark Iron soldiers. Several twists and turns later, they reached a lightly guarded antechamber. Directly ahead, a wide hallway led into a much larger cavern. To their left, a second tunnel led to the side, its opening blocked by widely spaced iron bars. Beyond the bars, they could see a reddish glow and hear the regular sound of boot-falls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Knowing that they would cover more ground separately, Kamery gestured to Elthas that they should split up. With a nod, Elthas trotted towards the iron grate. His feline body slipped fluidly between the bars. Kamery smiled as she made her way up the wide hallway to the larger chamber ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The room was filled with small groups of Dark Iron Dwarves, and the sounds of their chatter and heavy boots echoed against the domed ceiling. Hugging the walls of the wide cavern, Kamery noted passageways leading in at least six directions, in addition to the wide entry she had emerged from.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deciding to start logically, Kamery took the first passageway to the right. The way curved around to the left. The outer wall, on her right, was lined with heavy iron doors, fastened with solid locks. The rough walls and uneven floor raised questions about the architectural choices of Franclorn Forgewright. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Rough stone tunnels? How much of an architect was this Forgewright anyway? Although his tomb was ornate. A prison may not have been a central feature of his city planning. A prison is probably exactly what we want though. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guards were stationed at regular intervals along the corridor, but not so close to one another to interfere if she chose to incapacitate one. Curious as to the contents of the cells, she did just that, using the hilt of her dagger to stun the nearby Dark Iron.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deftly picking the lock, she opened the cell. Disappointingly, it was empty. The musty, undisturbed air within left her frowning. Continuing stealthily down the tunnel, she swiftly picked the lock of the next locked door. This cell contained a rather upset Iron Dwarf, who didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem at all grateful for the release. Her words to Broll the previous day hadn\u8217\'92t been bluster though, and Kamery dispatched him easily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She slipped back into the rough-hewn hallway, glancing in both directions to ensure that the scuffle hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t drawn attention. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I wonder if El is finding anything more visually appealing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t until the fourth cell that she found what\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or rather, who\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was looking for. A Human male sat on a bench at the back of the cell. He barely glanced up as she entered. His sandy brown hair and beard were short, showing signs of once being neatly trimmed, but were now rumpled and messy. He was dressed in only a white undershirt and torn blue breeches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Closing the door silently behind her, Kamery asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marshal Windsor?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man glanced up morosely, then returned his gaze to his hands, loosely folded between his knees. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does it matter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frowning at his attitude, Kamery pressed forward. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We had heard that you were investigating the Black Dragon influence in Stormwind. We need your information for Highlord Fordragon.\u8221\'94 She decided it was best to leave the King\u8217\'92s involvement out for the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Windsor sighed deeply. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bolvar is a blind fool,\u8221\'94 he muttered, almost to himself. \u8220\'93Proof stands two feet from him and he does not see it.\u8221\'94 He looked up at her, his blue eyes devoid of emotion. \u8220\'93As for my data, it\u8217\'92s lost. Gone. Unrecoverable. Ironfoe too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The haunting emptiness in his eyes shook her to the core. He had lost all hope; the loss of his research, and of his family\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heirloom weapon, had been too much. Kamery couldn\u8217\'92t even convince him to leave the cell with her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she returned to the passageway, Kamery idly twirled her dagger in her right hand. The temptation to throw it at the wall rose in her, but she resisted. The stone would only dull the blade, and the sound would draw unwanted attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Continuing up the tunnel, she realized that it had curved around enough that she was almost back at the central cavern. The antechamber where she had separated from Elthas lay across the room now. From that direction, she could barely distinguish the sounds of battle mingling with the heavy tread of the guards\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 iron boots and the clamor of several conversations. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Luckily these Dwarves seem more interested in chatting with each other; they haven\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t noticed Varian and Raynn\u8217\'92s arrival yet. I\u8217\'92d better go deliver the bad news.}}