{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sun hung low in the sky as Thrall, Jaina, and Raynn stood on the hill overlooking Northwatch Hold. The atmosphere was peaceful, a stark contrast to the battles that had recently unfolded at Mount Hyjal. Raynn, though not present at the recent skirmish, could feel the weight of the world on her shoulders.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall, his orcish features softened by the fading sunlight, turned to Raynn. "Though you weren't with us in the most recent battle, your strength and loyalty have never wavered. I've watched you grow into a formidable warrior."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded, acknowledging his words with a hint of gratitude. "Thank you, Warchief. I've learned much under your leadership."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina, her blue eyes reflecting the somber hues of the evening, spoke gently. "Raynn, the recent events have been trying for all of us. Thrall and I have been discussing your future."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn's brow furrowed in curiosity. "My future, Lady Jaina?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina nodded. "Thrall must return to Orgrimmar, and I'll be staying here in Theramore. But we believe it would be beneficial for you to explore your roots in Stormwind."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall added, "You've proven your worth, Raynn. The world is vast, and there's much to discover about your people. This is an opportunity for you to forge your own path."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn took a moment to absorb their words, a mix of gratitude and uncertainty in her eyes. "I appreciate your guidance, both of you. But what about you, Warchief? When will our paths cross again?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall's expression grew solemn. "My duties are in Orgrimmar. I must lead my people. But our paths may cross again, Raynn. The future is uncertain, and the bonds we've formed will endure."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina added, "You're a strong and capable warrior, Raynn. I have no doubt you'll find your way."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded, a determined gleam in her eyes. "I'll make my way to Stormwind then, Lady Jaina. And I'll carry the lessons you've both taught me."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the sun dipped below the horizon, they stood together on the hill, the weight of parting settling in. Thrall clasped Raynn's shoulder, and Jaina offered a reassuring smile. The trio shared a final moment before their paths diverged, leaving Raynn to step into the unknown, her destiny unfolding in the world beyond.}}