{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At Broll\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s invitation, Elthas felt his eyes widen. He knew of the Moonglade, the sacred druidic haven in northern Kalimdor, but he had yet to learn the spell to journey there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t learned to Dreamwalk yet,\u8221\'94 he admitted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, Broll just smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then it\u8217\'92s time you learned. We will need a place of nature though.\u8221\'94 He looked over at Varian questioningly, as Elthas\u8217\'92s spirits leaped at the casual acceptance of his readiness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remembering an earlier visit to the Keep, Elthas thought of the courtyard nearby. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would an open courtyard suffice?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93There is a grassy area, with some small trees and shrubs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Broll\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention returned to him, approving. \u8220\'93That should do well.\u8221\'94 He looked back at Varian. \u8220\'93With your leave?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a firm nod, the Human King gave his approval. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bring us good news,\u8221\'94 he entreated, as Shaw handed the medallion to Broll.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The older druid frowned as he felt the item in his hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This does not belong in the Glade.\u8221\'94 He handed the medallion back to Shaw. \u8220\'93I will be able to communicate our needs well enough through the Dream.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turning to Elthas, Broll gestured with one hand for Elthas to lead the way to the courtyard. Before turning to leave, Elthas glanced at Carolyn, and saw his own eagerness reflected in her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was only a short walk from the throne room to the courtyard, and the two druids passed through the marble hallways in silence. Elthas wanted to shift to feline form, but felt that it would be disrespectful as Broll hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shifted, so he remained on two feet. His mind roiled with everything that had happened in such a short time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery had told them tersely what Windsor had done, as they had entered the fray against the dragonspawn, after Anduin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impulsive dash across the throne room. Now, Elthas took a moment of silent gratitude for the Marshal\u8217\'92s sacrifice. The massive black dragon that Windsor had unmasked had been intimidating, but the immediate threat of her minions converging on Bryna and Carolyn had taken priority with the druids and Kamery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had seen the strain on his Human priestess friend\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, even before she had intervened against Onyxia directly and been struck down. There had been no time to speak afterwards, but he had been glad to see her rise quickly with Kamery\u8217\'92s aid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His thoughts came full circle, remembering her excitement for him to learn a new druidic ability, as they entered the small courtyard. Broll deemed it more than sufficient, and began to show Elthas how to draw on the threads of nature to commune with the Emerald Dream.}}