{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop it!\u8221\'94 Carolyn grumbled, giving the Naga sorceress a thump with her staff. The Naga hissed in annoyance, but the priestess distraction had slowed her spell-casting. Elthas watched from the shadows, amused. He had chased the Naga\u8217\'92s companion, a warrior, down the beach to finish him off. He had returned to find Carolyn had settled into an almost-comfortable pattern with the sorceress, wherein the two females exchanged blows and healing spells in near equilibrium.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Near equilibrium wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t what they were here for though, and Elthas was eager to finish off the Naga threat and move on. Across the narrow straight from Feathermoon Island, the towering trees echoed with the mingled chirps and screeches of a variety of wildlife, and he longed to explore the wilds of Feralas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The flight from Darnassus had been long\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the longest flight they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been on so far, and the Naga threat hadn\u8217\'92t been as bad as it had sounded. The idea of stretching his limbs running across the wild southern reaches of the continent appealed to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pouncing, he helped Carolyn end the battle swiftly. Her grey eyes danced with amusement as she watched him licking his paw afterwards. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you were going to watch forever,\u8221\'94 she accused, and he ducked his head. She was laughing though, as they turned back towards Feathermoon Stronghold, leaving behind them a once-more Naga-free shoreline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shifting out of feline form, Elthas walked beside the priestess to broach his idea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feralas is impressive, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 he began slowly, gesturing with one hand towards the lush green shoreline visible beyond the curving wooden buildings of the Kaldorei outpost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn laughed again, and he realized she knew him too well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very well,\u8221\'94 he admitted. \u8220\'93I thought it might be fun to run across the continent. Maybe back to Theramore on the other side?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He glanced down to see Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reaction. Her face was thoughtful, as she distractedly tucked a strand of hair back into the somewhat disheveled twist at the back of her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These Naga had nothing to do with those ones,\u8221\'94 she frowned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas was surprised. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I asked.\u8221\'94 Carolyn waved a hand behind them. \u8220\'93From what I\u8217\'92ve heard, Naga gloat, a lot, but she didn\u8217\'92t. She was just confused.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure it wasn\u8217\'92t just your staff that was confusing her?\u8221\'94 Elthas teased, but he was impressed. Carolyn had thought to question even the Naga here about the no-longer-missing King of Stormwind? He had thought the matter settled, but it seemed the Humans still had lingering misgivings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn gave him a playful swat as they turned to mount the short staircase into the main building of the outpost. A wide balcony overhung the beach, housing the hippogryph perch, and leading to a dock to the small skiff that made regular trips back and forth to the mainland, delivering travelers and supplies. Further back, the building rose up in smooth curves, melding with the trees that it was built against.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had spent the last two days in one of the rooms upstairs, in between forays along the shore to put down Naga incursions, and now they headed back to their room. He caught an appraising look from one of the Sentinels standing watch at the door and felt himself frowning at her disapproval as they passed inside. Some of the more insular Kaldorei settlements were like that, he reflected, somewhat sadly, thinking of Astranaar, almost a year ago now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Sentinels there, his own mother included, had been convinced that he was involved in more than just friendship with his Human companion, and had made it clear that such things were not natural. They were wrong, he knew, on both counts. Carolyn was a wonderful friend, and he hated seeing her judged unfairly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least in Darnassus, where there were more visitors of other races, attitudes were more open-minded. He wondered if Carolyn had faced the same silent judgment in Stormwind, but their other Human companions, even her own sister, had accepted him easily, so he decided that likely not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their meager belongings packed away once more, the pair headed back down towards the ferry to the mainland, and Elthas hoped, more accepting people. Despite the solid stone construction, Theramore had seemed friendly enough.}}