{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn approached Anduin with a heavy heart, her eyes reflecting the weight of the news she carried. "Anduin, we need to talk. It's about your father, Varian."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin looked up from his map, concern etching his youthful features. "What happened? Is my father all right?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn sighed, choosing her words carefully. "Varian gave everything to hold back the Legion. He fought with unmatched courage, but the cost was too high. I'm sorry, Anduin, but your father didn't make it."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin's eyes widened, disbelief and grief washing over him. "No... Varian..."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded, placing a reassuring hand on Anduin's shoulder. "I know this is a lot to take in. Varian admired you greatly, believed in your potential to lead. He spoke of you often during our time on Draenor."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin, struggling to process the news, whispered, "Draenor... he was there with you?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded again, memories of their fleeting connection lingering in her mind. "Yes, he visited the garrison frequently. We... we became close during those visits."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin's expression shifted, a mix of sorrow and understanding. "I had no idea. Thank you for telling me, Raynn."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn met his gaze, her voice filled with sincerity. "Anduin, your father's legacy lives on. He entrusted you with the future. I believe in your ability to lead and honor his memory."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin, his eyes reflecting newfound determination, nodded. "I won't let him down. We'll stand united against the Legion, for Azeroth and for my father."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn offered a solemn smile. "That's the spirit, Anduin. We'll face this together. For the Horde and the Alliance."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they stood there, the weight of Varian's sacrifice lingered, but a resilient hope began to emerge in the face of the challenges ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ~~~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn made her way through the bustling streets of Stormwind, the weight of recent events heavy on her shoulders. The news she carried was grim, and she couldn't help but feel a sense of responsibility to share it with Anduin as soon as possible. The young king was in his study, surrounded by advisors and maps detailing the Legion's invasion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin looked up as Raynn entered, his usual calm demeanor softening with a hint of concern. "Raynn," he greeted, "you look troubled. What news do you bring?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn took a deep breath, steeling herself for the difficult conversation ahead. "Anduin, we need to talk. It's about your father."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin's eyes narrowed, his expression turning serious. "What happened? Is Varian okay?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn hesitated for a moment before speaking. "Anduin, I'm sorry. Varian... he's gone. He fell in battle against the Legion."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A heavy silence filled the room as Anduin absorbed the shock of the news. Raynn could see the pain in his eyes, the weight of loss settling in. She waited for him to respond, giving him the time he needed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, Anduin spoke, his voice steady despite the grief. "Thank you for telling me. I... I appreciate your honesty."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded, her gaze sympathetic. "I was there, Anduin. I fought alongside him. He was a great leader, and he went down fighting, protecting us all."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin sighed, his shoulders slumping as he processed the reality of his father's death. "I never expected... I always thought he was invincible in a way. But I suppose no one truly is."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn reached out, placing a comforting hand on Anduin's shoulder. "He believed in you, Anduin. He spoke of you with pride and hope for the future. You're not alone in this. The Alliance needs you now more than ever."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin nodded, appreciating the gesture of support. "Thank you, Raynn. I'll do my best to honor his legacy."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn squeezed his shoulder reassuringly. "I know you will. Varian's spirit will live on in you, and I'll be here to help in any way I can. We've faced challenges before, and we'll face this one together."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin managed a small, grateful smile. "I'm glad to have you by my side, Raynn. Let's rally the Alliance and stand strong against the Legion. For Azeroth, and for my father."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two shared a moment of shared determination, knowing that the road ahead would be difficult but that they would face it united against the threat of the Burning Legion.}}