{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile in Tanaris, Bryna floated just above the sand on her new magic carpet. The sun was still rising, midway up the sky in the east, but already she could feel the heat rising from the sand as she looked out over the dunes. She took a moment to admire her latest creation. Woven from black wool, with red and gold silk accents, the carpet rippled gently at its edges, although the center where she stood stayed fairly stable, even when she moved. She smiled at the memory of acquiring the pattern.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t the end,\u8221\'94 she had told Kamery. She had meant of their friendship, but was more than happy to apply the idea to trading also.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Fitch smiled, a smug, self-satisfied expression, as she turned back to him, and her heart sank. He had something interesting. She made a mental tally of her gold. She did have quite a bit, but Elthas\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s suggestion of buying a horse had been a good one, and horses weren\u8217\'92t cheap.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Curiosity won, and she stepped back to the podium to see what Fitch had to offer.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Quietly, he slipped her a rolled up scroll beneath the podium. Glancing down, she noted that it was a tailoring pattern. One that called for alarming amounts of silk and wool. As she read what it would create though, her eyes snapped back up to Fitch.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How much?\u8221\'94 She flinched; her voice had been a gasp.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Fitch\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s smile grew. He knew that she would pay whatever he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the end, the price had been reasonable\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not much more than the cost of the horse that she no longer needed. She had finally completed the carpet during her recent visit to Theramore, and had used it to explore most of Tanaris over the past few days, while Raynn had honed her blacksmithing craft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Troll ruin to the west had seemed intriguing, but that it was filled with undead Trolls. Further west and south, the buzzing of insects had deterred her from going further. She hated bugs. To the south, the desert stretched seemingly endlessly until the golden sands swept up against impassible mountains. Due east, she knew, was the town of Steamwheedle Port. But to the southeast, she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t explored those mountains yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mind made up, Bryna shifted her weight, sending the enchanted rug drifting forwards across the sands. She extended her arms briefly to steady herself. The sensation of her floor moving around her feet was still strange, but she much preferred the elegant carpet to the jolting and saddle sores that would come with a horse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mountains rose up ahead faster than she had expected, and closing the distance, Bryna saw now that the small range was split by a valley leading almost due east up the middle. The ground sloped upwards gently into the cleft leading into the valley, and at the far end, she saw the darkness of a cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she nudged her carpet up the apparently empty vale, a sudden roar overhead startled her. The thunderous sound echoed off of the steep cliffs to either side, shattering the quiet peace. Her exploratory curiosity gave way to chagrin. Too late, she realized that she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exactly been paying attention to her surroundings. Pushing away the pang of self-reproach, Bryna brought a frost-bolt spell ready to mind. Looking up to find the threat, she felt a shiver\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 completely unrelated to her spell\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 run through her, chilling her blood with shocked awe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Overhead, the sun shimmered off glinting scales that mirrored the color of the sand and stone. A pair of bronze dragons arrowed directly down towards her. Their broad, leathery wings, tipped with razor-sharp talons, rustled like autumn leaves as they swept through the air. Long snouts, their mouths lined with fangs, led their streamlined forms. Their legs were tucked back as they dove, closing the distance with swift grace. The spell faded from her mind as she grappled with the new threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her heart pounded as she tried to bring to mind a spell that might help. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Invisibility; I need to learn that one soon.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Her fruitless efforts were interrupted by a deep, resonant voice sounding from ahead of her, commanding, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let her pass.\u8221\'94 The dragons broke off, circling away just below the peaks surrounding the valley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna looked up to see a massive dragon, similarly colored but far larger than those still circling overhead, emerging from the cavern. Walking at his side was a slender, blonde-haired Quel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92dorei. Her delicate beauty was enhanced by a form-fitting, embroidered gown of lightweight, shimmering silk that matched the hue of the dragons\u8217\'92 scales. The intricate needlework was obviously filled with magic, but Bryna didn\u8217\'92t recognize any of the enchantments. The dragon stopped just outside the cave entrance, but the Quel\u8217\'92dorei continued, to stand before Bryna.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The blonde female studied Bryna for a moment, then glanced back over her shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is she the one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head tilted in curiosity, as she returned the perusal from beneath the brim of her hat. She\u8217\'92d never met a Quel\u8217\'92dorei before, although she could see the similarities to the more familiar Kaldorei. She\u8217\'92d certainly never met anyone who spoke to dragons before. Startled, she realized that the deep voice had been the dragon, as he spoke again. Her eyes darted between the two in front of her, entranced by the novelty of the experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 rumbled the dragon. \u8220\'93She will help us.\u8221\'94 His faceted eyes gleamed red as they fixed on Bryna, but his unthreatening posture reinforced his words. Supported by four muscular legs with claws digging into the sand under his feet, his heavy body was relaxed. His head had lowered to bring his eyes closer to her level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92dorei looked back at Bryna, a polite smile softening her face. \u8220\'93Greetings, Bryna. I am Soridormi, prime consort of Nozdormu, Aspect of the Bronze Dragonflight. This is Anachronos, leader of the brood of Nozdormu.\u8221\'94 With a graceful movement of her hand, she gestured towards the imposing bronze dragon. \u8220\'93Of course, you know none of us yet, but we will explain. Please, come with us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the three dragons looming over her, Bryna didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see that she had much choice. But, not in any immediately apparent danger, she was intrigued. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 How did they know my name? What did they mean, the one? I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll help them? With what? Bronze Dragonflight? Nozdormu? And how was her dress made?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Her mind bubbled with questions; curiosity, rather than intimidation, prompted her steps forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna followed the bronze dragon into the cavern, eager for the promised explanation. The unassuming cave opened out into a wide passageway, that led in twisting spirals downwards. Sand continued to cover the ground in a thin layer, crunching lightly underfoot as they walked. Ropes of colorful energy began to emerge from the tunnel walls and ceiling, twisting together to light their way, with loose threads and eddies fluttering at their edges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tunnel was wide enough for Anachronos to stroll comfortably ahead of her and Soridormi; the massive dragon could have flown, had he wanted. As they reached the edge of the sunlight, he glanced back over his shoulder with a fang-filled expression. Although it could have been frightening, Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s familiarity with Elthas\u8217\'92s feline smiles made her shoulders relax. Reassured, the mage returned her attention to the dragon\u8217\'92s Quel\u8217\'92dorei companion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Soridormi indicated her body\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93is my visage, to facilitate communication with the mortal races. I am also of the Bronze Dragonflight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyebrows rose in surprise. She hadn\u8217\'92t known that dragons could assume other forms. Then again, she hadn\u8217\'92t known much at all about dragons. Until now, her only other experience had been the recent encounter with the firemane drake on Alcaz Island\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that she knew of, she realized, with a sideways glance at the Quel\u8217\'92dorei beside her. Her heart thudded at the thought, although she wasn\u8217\'92t sure if it was from trepidation, or excitement. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I suppose it depends what their motivation is.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they descended, the air cooled, with a light breeze blowing up from further down. Tucking her hair securely behind her long, pointed ears, Soridormi continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are charged with protecting the history of Azeroth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head tilted to one side, her eyes unfocusing briefly as she absorbed the information. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Different dragonflights\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 how many are there anyway?\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 have specific responsibilities? I wonder what the Black Dragonflight\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soridormi broke into Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts, her eyes narrowing as she spoke. \u8220\'93Recently anomalies have begun to appear in the time-ways, disrupting the proper flow of history.\u8221\'94 Her tone was disapproving. \u8220\'93While we are dealing with the threats as quickly as we can, they are increasing in number, endangering all of time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Questions drifted in and out of Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind, twisting around like the strands of light overhead. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Time-ways? Anomalies? History disrupted? All of time endangered?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  She found herself unable to piece together a coherent sentence, and frowned at the uncharacteristic feeling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is a lot to take in, I know.\u8221\'94 Soridormi offered a sympathetic smile. \u8220\'93But Anachronos has seen that you will be of great assistance to us. We came to greet you when he told of your impending arrival.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wryly, although somewhat disconcertingly, Bryna realized that whatever they asked of her, she would agree\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 otherwise they wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been there to meet her. Although she still wasn\u8217\'92t certain what Soridormi meant by anomalies in time-ways, the concept did sound fascinating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A thrill ran through Bryna at the possibility of visiting other times\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 perhaps even Dalaran, before it became a zombie-filled crater. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Time-ways\u8217\'92\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that sounded specific though. Perhaps they\u8217\'92re more like portals, only connecting to certain paths. A shame, but even so\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92ve always avoided history books as too boring; after all bygone events are\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 usually\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 already finished. But to have access to living history! }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her lips curved upwards at the thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Bryna pondered the possibilities, the import of the revelations beginning to sink in, they reached the bottom of the winding tunnel. The passageway opened out into a vast cavern. The ropes of light overhead soared upwards, joining others to form ribbons of multicolored energy that festooned the high ceiling and illuminated the spacious chamber. Bryna took a deep breath of the cool air, smelling the dry, dusty scent of the sand that still crunched and shifted under their feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A large platform dominated the open central area, its outer edge decorated with carved symbols that Bryna didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t recognize. A massive, stylized hourglass stood in the center of the dais, the sands within shifting up and down at random intervals. Anachronos took flight now, to glide up and settle beside the hourglass. His sparkling eyes still watched Bryna though, seeming to see everything she did, had done, or would do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More tunnel openings led out from the central chamber, each one twisting out through its own little landscape. Nearby were a thick spruce forest, a bleak, grey desert, and a deserted street in a Human city. In the distance, Bryna could glimpse even more varied terrains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Each of these\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Soridormi gestured to the miniature landscapes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93is a different time-way, each leading to a point in history that needs our attention. If any of these time-ways collapses, the world as we know it will end.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna looked around, her eyes widening at the number. In some of the landscapes, she could see three or four tunnels branching off. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Well, that answers that question\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 they are specific connections. Even so\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85so much history, being threatened? How? }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is causing the anomalies?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she answered, Soridormi guided them past the deserted city street, towards one of the further passageways. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our foes call themselves the Infinite Dragonflight.\u8221\'94 Her fine, blonde brows drew together and her lips tightened. \u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t know where they came from, or what their purpose is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They reached the time-way, which was surrounded by a musty, brown-green swamp. Stunted trees covered with moss and lichen lined a muddy pathway, eerily lit by a ribbon of pink light winding through their branches. The damp air, a stark contrast to the dry desert, reminded Bryna of Dustwallow Marsh. Bryna took another deep breath to fortify her overloaded mind; the earthy smell wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t as refreshing as the desert air, but it helped settle her. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Another dragonflight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This leads to the Black Morass.\u8221\'94 The disguised dragon gestured to the tunnel beyond the swamp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna peered down the pathway curiously. This close, she could see that the passageway quickly disappeared into a pinkish mist. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Black Morass\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85I know I\u8217\'92ve heard that name before, where was it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soridormi pressed on, unknowingly answering Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question. \u8220\'93They plot to destroy the Guardian, Medivh, and prevent the Dark Portal from ever opening.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The words triggered Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s memory. The Black Morass had been where the Dark Portal had disgorged the Orcish Horde, twenty-five years ago. That Horde had swept across Stormwind\u8217\'92s lands, laying waste to the countryside, and finally destroying the city itself. Six years later\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the same year that Bryna had been born\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Wars had ended, but skirmishes between the Human-led Alliance and the Horde continued even to the present day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soridormi continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93While outwardly, this may appear a boon to the forces of the Alliance\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She gave a faint, humorless smile, and Bryna\u8217\'92s mind raced with the implications.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Of course, if the Horde never came through the Portal, Stormwind wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have been razed. I wonder if I\u8217\'92d even have been born then. So much would change! But that\u8217\'92s not important\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 even I know that the Horde were instrumental in the victory over the Burning Legion in the Third War. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart clenched at the thought of what would have happened, had they not won that War.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is in actuality catastrophic and will result in your world ending,\u8221\'94 Soridormi concluded, her eyebrows raising slightly as Bryna nodded along with her proclamation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The statement was dramatic, but logical\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if not for all of the inhabitants of Azeroth, including the Horde, coming together, the demons of the Legion would have overrun and destroyed their world. Her composure starting to return, Bryna admitted, with a wry smile, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thinking about our history, the Horde and Alliance, is easier than dragons!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soridormi smiled briefly, but then turned to indicate the time-way. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have an agent, Sa\u8217\'92at, inside already, but the Infinite Dragonflight forces are too many in number. We cannot spare anyone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking into the passageway that twisted back into history, Bryna began to understand the enormity of the task of the Bronze Dragonflight. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The interplay of events through time is an intricate game of dominoes, and this Infinite Flight seems to be pushing over the wrong pieces. I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t need Anachronos\u8217\'92s foresight to know that I\u8217\'92ll do whatever I can to help keep history intact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Straightening her backpack straps on her shoulders, Bryna asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you need me to do?\u8221\'94 She was mildly amused to see that she had actually startled the Quel\u8217\'92dorei dragon with her quick response. Hadn\u8217\'92t Anachronos already predicted that she would help?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cross through this time-way, then speak to Sa\u8217\'92at,\u8221\'94 Soridormi instructed. \u8220\'93He is attempting to undo the damage, and will need your protection. Medivh must succeed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a nod, Bryna set off down the pathway. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m going to spend more time in the company of Bronze Dragons, I\u8217\'92m going to need to adjust my reading priorities. I wonder if Jaina has many history books.}}