{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cutter had been exhilaratingly fast, and Kamery had made it to Tanaris in seven days exactly. She was still marveling over the speed of the whole thing as she rode along the rough road towards Gadgetzan. She could already see the low, brown clay walls of the city rising up from the undulating sand dunes that surrounded it. In some ways, the dry lifelessness of the terrain reminded her of the Badlands, but rather than the hard-packed red soil there, here the sand was light brown and drifted loosely in the gusts of wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The salty scent of the sea faded quickly behind her, replaced by a dusty dryness. Although the sun was still only midway up the sky in the east, the heat was oppressive, and her black leather outfit wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t helping. Her bandanna seemed to help keep the dust out of her nose and mouth though, so Kamery left it on. Approaching the city, the road split in two, leading to gates in the north and south.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The southern path looked slightly shorter, so she turned that way. The gateway was framed in wood, with the angled arch rising higher than the walls themselves. Kamery passed easily underneath it, even on horseback.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once inside, she scanned the town briefly, before the rhythmic pounding of a blacksmith\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hammer caught her attention from her immediate left. Looking over, she felt a start of surprise. Raynn\u8217\'92s back was to her, but the auburn ponytail was unmistakable. The warrior, she noted with some envy, had removed some of her armor in the heat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery dismounted, sending her horse away, and walked around to where the blacksmith-warrior would see her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kamery!\u8221\'94 Raynn\u8217\'92s hammer stilled its movements as the warrior\u8217\'92s face broke into a friendly smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A tall Kaldorei beside her frowned, asking with some exasperation, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many more friends do you have here?\u8221\'94 He motioned for Raynn to leave her work though, and stepped away to let them talk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hope flared in Kamery. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is Carolyn here?\u8221\'94 She glanced around the small town again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded, casting an apologetic look at her tutor as she set down her hammer next to a nearly-finished breastplate. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Carolyn, Elthas, and Bryna. They\u8217\'92re out exploring Troll ruins now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that makes my mission easier.\u8221\'94 Kamery grinned. She gave in to the heat then, reaching up to loosen the collar of her leather tunic. She would have to buy a lighter shirt somewhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face hardened, her body stiffening, and her voice was cooler as she repeated, \u8220\'93Mission.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery shook her head, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Well, yes, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 The rogue paused, straightening her thoughts. \u8220\'93Shaw sees the value in everything, even friendships.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn considered that silently, but at least she was considering it. Kamery decided to take that as a sign of hope, and continued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our group, we came together so well, we can do a lot of good for the Kingdom.\u8221\'94 The rogue\u8217\'92s grey eyes crinkled at the corners as she smiled under her bandanna. \u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t mean we can\u8217\'92t also enjoy our time with each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warrior nodded, relaxing somewhat, her face still thoughtful. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does Shaw want us to do now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Blackrock mountain, eventually,\u8221\'94 Kamery admitted. \u8220\'93But we\u8217\'92re not ready for that yet, so for now, he just wants us to stay together, to learn to work together even better.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To get to know one another better?\u8221\'94 Raynn asked carefully, her lingering suspicion coloring her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery shook her head, trying to explain. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we are curious by nature. We like to know everything about a situation, to analyze it from all sides.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face darkened again. \u8220\'93My life is not a situation that needs analyzing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery considered that. She and Shaw, all of SI:7 really, viewed the world as a chessboard, with the people in it just the pieces. But Raynn was right; people were more than just chess pieces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 she apologized, but she had to be honest also, \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t promise to stop being curious. I can\u8217\'92t even promise to stop asking questions. But\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she forestalled Raynn\u8217\'92s protest\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93I can promise to accept if you don\u8217\'92t want to answer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mollified, Raynn accepted that with a nod. Kamery was still curious what it was in the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s past that she didn\u8217\'92t want to talk about so badly, but she accepted now that she wouldn\u8217\'92t keep pushing. Satisfying her curiosity wasn\u8217\'92t worth the price of this friendship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honesty drove her once more, to warn, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t make the same promise about Shaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn accepted that now though. Perhaps she also felt that their friendship was worth it.}}