{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s word, the cowardly majordomo summoned his Elemental Lord forth. Although Ragnaros\u8217\'92s first arrival on this plane had been devastatingly dramatic, he was at much reduced power, cut off from his native Elemental plane. He had spent much of the ensuing two centuries trapped below Blackrock Mountain, bending the Dark Iron Dwarves to carry out his will, as he built up his strength. He was still unready though. Enraged, Ragnaros struck down his majordomo before turning his fiery fury on the assembled forces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn prepared to draw his ire, setting her shield firmly before her to absorb his blows. Although the air shimmered with the heat emanating from the Elemental Lord, her new dark iron plate protected her from much of the damage. She could feel Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s presence behind her, ready to fill her with healing energy, joined by a number of other priests and druids who been recruited to join them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To her side, Broll roared as he flexed his massive claws. He would be ready to step in, should she fall. Beyond the ursine druid, she could see Varian and a paladin of the Silver Order. The King wielded his new sword, Shalamayne, an ornate enchanted Elven blade gifted by Jaina Proudmoore after Onyxia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s defeat. The paladin, Arixa, was a stern woman with a strong command of the Light. She had promised that every blow of her broadsword would be accompanied by holy echoes that would heal the minor wounds of all those engaged in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Behind the Firelord, Kamery, Elthas, and Valeera lurked in the shadows, ready to weave their subtle, yet viciously effective, attacks; they were accompanied by several of Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s compatriots from SI:7. Raynn had been surprised to see that Mathias Shaw himself had joined them. The spy-master was as competent at combat as he was at gathering information. She could still feel his curiosity about her past, but she no longer felt threatened by it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beyond the rogues, on the far side of a bubbling ribbon of magma, a cadre of hunters took aim, ready to pepper the Firelord with their projectiles. At their forefront stood Galena, a sturdy Dwarf female with twin braids that swayed in rhythm with her loading and aiming action.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arrayed loosely around the perimeter, between the hunters and the healers, spell-casters gathered magical projectiles, ready to fling them with deadly accuracy. Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frosty aura was joined by several others, as well as swirls of arcane and fel energies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn felt a light moment of amusement as she remembered the grouchiness of the Gnome warlock who now stood at Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side. Despite his wizened face and white hair\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 although his head was balding\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Dencey had admitted that he was barely older than they were. His appearance had been due to the drain of the fel energies that he now mastered. He had grumbled continually as they had descended deeper into the Core, his shorter legs working hard to keep up with the longer strides of the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warlock, and the others, were focused on Ragnaros now, as Raynn swung her sword to draw his attention. Even in his weakened state, the Fire Lord\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attacks were powerful, imbued with elemental fire. Her dark iron armor served her well though, and she stood strong under the assault.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the end, Ragnaros was no match for the might of the assembled force. After a hard-fought battle, the Elemental Lord was banished back to the Elemental Plane, and the Molten Core fell quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the weeks that would follow, Raynn knew that the Dwarves would be busy, as Magni considered reconciliation with the Dark Iron clan, now that they were free from the Fire Lord\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s influence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But for now, she felt only satisfaction, as her friends gathered around her once more. Looking across at Varian, surrounded by Broll, Valeera, and Fordragon, she saw her feelings mirrored on his face; a battle well-fought, among the presence of friends.}}