{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cobblestone streets of Stormwind bustled with activity as Anduin, hidden beneath a concealing cloak, followed Mathias Shaw through the city. Shaw, ever watchful, kept a discreet pace beside the young prince. The air was crisp with the scent of the sea, and the distant sounds of merchants haggling and craftsmen at work filled the air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they walked through the Dwarven District, Shaw spoke in hushed tones, "Your Highness, this cloak should help you blend in. We don't want to attract unnecessary attention."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin nodded, adjusting the cloak as he observed the skilled artisans and bustling market stalls. The pair made their way toward the blacksmithing trainer's workshop, where Raynn was honing her craft.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peering through the busy crowd, they spotted Raynn amidst the clinking sounds of hammers on anvils. The rhythmic melody of metalworking echoed in the district. Raynn, focused and determined, forged a new piece of armor, her skill evident in each precise movement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin watched her work, captivated by the grace with which she manipulated molten metal. Shaw, ever vigilant, kept an eye on their surroundings as they lingered near the workshop.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You've chosen an unusual companion, Your Highness," Shaw remarked quietly. "What draws you to this blacksmith?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin considered the question before answering, "She saved lives today, mine included. Lady Prestor may not see her worth, but I do."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw nodded, understanding the prince's sentiment. As Raynn completed her work, she noticed the presence of the cloaked figure and Mathias Shaw nearby. Setting her tools aside, she approached.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Can I help you, strangers?" Raynn inquired, her gaze flickering between Shaw and the cloaked figure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin revealed his identity, pulling back the cloak to expose his face. "I'm Anduin Wrynn, and this is Mathias Shaw. Lady Prestor may not have fully appreciated your service, but I wanted to express my gratitude."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn's eyes widened in surprise, and she instinctively bowed her head. "Your Highness, I did not expect..."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin interrupted with a smile, "No need for formalities. You've earned them, and this is a token of my appreciation." He extended the signet ring, a symbol of Stormwind's royal lineage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn hesitated before accepting it, her expression a mix of gratitude and humility. "Thank you, Prince Anduin. I am honored."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw, ever vigilant, glanced around, reminding them of the need for caution. "We should be on our way, Your Highness."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin nodded, taking a last glance at the skilled blacksmith. "Thank you, Raynn. I hope our paths cross again."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they made their way back through the Dwarven District, Anduin pondered the events that had unfolded, realizing that Stormwind held more than just the grand halls of the Keep \endash  it held stories of courage and craftsmanship woven into its very streets.}}