{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn watched the green-skinned Orc as he followed Raynn out of the keep. He was almost as tall as a Kaldorei, but much broader. The ragged vest and leggings he was wearing stretched over powerful muscles. His dark hair was long, braided down his back, with two narrower braids framing his broad, tusked face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know much about him, only that he had escaped internment somehow\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 well, now I know how}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and then traveled with his people across the ocean to Kalimdor, rising to become the Warchief of the Horde. Savage, brute, charismatic, powerful, wise, were all terms that she had heard used to describe the Orc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they passed the armory, Thrall paused, then entered the small room. A quick blow from his massive arm sent the armorer to the ground, unconscious, and the Orc selected a weapon and light armor from the shelves. Carolyn shivered at the raw strength behind that blow, but having seen the conditions the Orc had been forced to endure, she understood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina had known Thrall better, Carolyn realized, and she had trusted the Orc. Otherwise the arch-mage wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have tried to arrange a peace talk with King Varian Wrynn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were few guards remaining to stop them as they made their way across the bailey and back out of the main gates. The ones that tried were quickly dispatched by Raynn and Thrall. They fought well together, Carolyn noticed, their movements complementing each other as they stood shoulder to shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warrior had been true to her word, and had progressed carefully through the entire incident, but Carolyn could still feel her roiling emotions. Towards the Orcs, Raynn had been sympathetic and kind, but she had dispatched the Humans opposing them with a bitter anger that chilled Carolyn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reaching the roadway outside the Keep, Kamery turned to Thrall. For all that Raynn had easily led them and spoken to the other Orcs in the camp, the warrior had seemed a bit at a loss with Thrall himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re free now,\u8221\'94 the rogue told the future Warchief. \u8220\'93Go and find safety in the mountains.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall was stubborn though. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is Taretha. I would thank her in person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m afraid the situation is a bit more complicated than that. We will take care of Taretha.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am no coward. I will not run and hide while Taretha is in danger.\u8221\'94 Thrall was very stubborn; Carolyn felt a sense of kinship, and admiration for his selflessness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even noticed Raynn leave during the conversation, but now the warrior returned, leading a horse from the Keep\u8217\'92s stables. She handed the reins to Thrall, saying, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s no wolf, but it will have to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even Thrall seemed confused by the statement, but he mounted the horse awkwardly and spurred it down the road after Raynn.}}