{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Raynn watched as Varian lingered, his silhouette a contrast against the moonlit backdrop. The tension in the air seemed to waver, and she couldn't help but feel a subtle shift in the atmosphere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Your Majesty," she spoke, her voice steady but laced with a sincerity that transcended their roles. "In war, we face countless trials, but it's in unity that we find strength. Our differences, though stark at times, can be our greatest asset."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian turned to face her once more, his gaze meeting hers with a depth she hadn't expected. The weight of his responsibilities seemed to carve lines on his face, revealing a vulnerability seldom seen. Raynn, though resolute in her convictions, recognized a shared burden in the eyes of Stormwind's king.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Strength and dedication," Varian mused, the words hanging in the air like an unspoken truth. "Your commitment to your cause is admirable, Commander Tanner."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn inclined her head in acknowledgment, a flicker of understanding passing between them. The battlefield had taught her to respect strength, even when it wore a crown she questioned. She couldn't deny the allure of Varian's power, a trait she admired even as their perspectives clashed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Varian turned to leave, the moment lingered. Raynn's amber eyes followed him, a mixture of curiosity and something more. The moonlight seemed to soften the edges of the world, casting a gentle glow on Lunarfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wind whispered through the Garrison, carrying with it the echoes of their conversation. Raynn remained on the hill, the night unfolding around her, as she contemplated the complexities of alliances, convictions, and the unspoken connection that had woven its thread through the tapestry of their encounter.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}