{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded stiffly. The penetrating glances she occasionally caught from the rogue set her on edge already. The spy-master would be even more curious, and perceptive, she thought, forcing her body to move forward steadily and not betray her nerves. She shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be afraid. She was proud of her upbringing, as unconventional as it may have been.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But explaining it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85she would have to admit her actions in Southshore. To explain that, she would have to explain what Grom and Thrall had meant to her. She closed her eyes briefly, swallowing hard against the myriad of emotions that thoughts of Grom always brought. Explaining would mean delving into the twisting, intertwining threads of herself, Grom, Thrall, and her parents. And that day, she did not want to relive, even in her own mind, let alone out loud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As her thoughts drifted too close to painful memories, Raynn pushed the past back to the darkest reaches of her mind. Longing for the escape of pure physicality, she cast a wistful glance at the training yard on the other side of the grassy lawn. The dull thud of iron meeting wood echoed across the lawn as several other young warriors honed their movements against the training dummies; Ander\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rough voice barked commands to those who didn\u8217\'92t meet his satisfaction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, it was a different type of skirmish that Raynn approached now, as they entered the less familiar of the two buildings. It appeared to be a mirror image of the barracks where she honed her fighting ability. The atmosphere was the complete opposite though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite the sunlight pouring in through the front windows, the room seemed filled with drifting shadows. A cloying scent pervaded the air, reminiscent of Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s poisons. The sensation of unseen eyes made her muscles tense, as they crossed the seemingly empty lower room and started up the staircase at the back of the building. In the hush that shrouded the building, her heavy, iron-clad footsteps echoed stridently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery led the way with the ease of familiarity\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 up the stairs, across a narrow balcony, and up a second, spiral, set of stairs. At the top, in a small tower chamber, Matthias Shaw waited, standing in front of the modest desk that occupied the left side of the circular room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The desk, like the room itself, was made from plain, solid oak. The warm brown color and rich texture of the wood gave the room a comfortable atmosphere. Across from the desk, an open window looked out over the lawn outside, letting in fresh air and the faint sounds of the martial activities below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The spy-master himself was reassuringly ordinary-looking, with neatly trimmed sandy brown hair, mustache, and goatee; his face was uncovered, although Raynn felt sure he must own at least one bandanna. He wore brown leather, trimmed in blue, rather than the black favored by most of the building\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s occupants.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw gave Kamery a brief nod of greeting as they crested the final step, then stepped forward with an outstretched hand, to greet Raynn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Raynn, I presume?\u8221\'94 His voice was warm and friendly, as were his blue eyes. \u8220\'93Kamery told me about your role in the Deadmines,\u8221\'94 he added in explanation. \u8220\'93We appreciate your help in neutralizing the threat of VanCleef.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded in acceptance. His warm manner put her off-balance. She wondered who he meant by \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93we\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it had seemed to include more than just himself and Kamery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head tilted slightly to one side, as he asked, \u8220\'93What brings you here now?\u8221\'94 He glanced at Kamery curiously. \u8220\'93Were you able to follow up your lead to the Stockades? Was Thedd useful?\u8221\'94 His voice was well-modulated, but some undercurrent made Raynn think that he already suspected the answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a faint smile, Raynn shook her head as she replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thedd was uncooperative.\u8221\'94 She felt her voice harden, as she remembered the Defias lieutenant disorienting her and striking down Carolyn, and beside her she felt Kamery stiffen also. If not for Elthas\u8230\'85 Pushing the thought aside, she concluded, \u8220\'93We helped to subdue the Stockades. Warden Thelwater told me about Thedd\u8217\'92s recent visitor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She held out the Warden\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hastily penned note. Shaw hadn\u8217\'92t missed their tension, and he nodded in understanding, as he accepted the scrap of paper. Unfolding the note, he quickly scanned it, his eyes tightening slightly. Returning his attention to Raynn, the spy-master spoke thoughtfully, \u8220\'93Tell me everything Thelwater said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn recounted the conversation with the surly warden. Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes stayed on her as she spoke, and she found herself remembering Kamery\u8217\'92s comment about her accent when they had first met. She tried to keep her voice steady and neutral. Shaw asked several questions for clarification\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more than necessary, she thought, growing increasingly uncomfortable under his scrutiny. Eventually though, the spy-master seemed satisfied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know who this man is.\u8221\'94 Shaw frowned thoughtfully. \u8220\'93His name is not Maelik. Another alias he goes by is Marzon, but that is likely not his true name either. Regardless, he is an assassin, currently under the employ of Lord Gregor Lescovar, a lord of shady reputation, even among the corruption of the nobility of Stormwind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn absorbed the information, her mind spinning. A noble, having ties with the Defias?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw continued speaking. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kamery, head downstairs to Jasper; I believe you may be interested in some of his new wares. Raynn, a moment?\u8221\'94 His gentle smile was friendly and inviting, but his eyes seemed to require acquiescence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A twitch of her eyebrow indicated Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s surprise at the dismissal, but she nodded and complied, leaving Raynn alone with Shaw in the small room. Moving to the window, Shaw looked out over the lawn below for a moment as Raynn tried to steady her breathing, suppressing the urge to run. She wasn\u8217\'92t one to flee from a fight, but this wasn\u8217\'92t the type of combat that she was used to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, Shaw turned back to her, with an understanding smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I apologize for my curiosity. It often gets the better of me,\u8221\'94 he admitted. Gesturing broadly towards the open window and the city beyond, he elaborated. \u8220\'93I have a kingdom\u8217\'92s safety to watch out for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn frowned, protesting, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw interrupted her, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. You\u8217\'92re not a threat. But I admit, your unconventional style drew my curiosity.\u8221\'94 He paused, as if deciding what to say next. Raynn waited silently, now curious herself. \u8220\'93Your accent\u8230\'85Lordaeron born?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded tightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92ve spent time with the Dwarves,\u8221\'94 Shaw added, studying her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This, she could answer fairly truthfully, so she offered him that, hoping it would be enough. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m studying with the blacksmiths in Ironforge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw nodded, accepting that for now. His eyes told her that he knew it went deeper, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t probe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With another apologetic smile, he returned to business. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Without VanCleef and Thedd\u8217\'92s testimonies, it will be difficult to see Lescovar brought to justice. He is a noble, and well-connected, which effectively makes him above the law. You\u8217\'92ll need to find another way. I loathe to do so, but there is someone I know that will aid us. Seek out Elling Trias, in the Trade District.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a dismissal, and Raynn accepted it with relief. Nodding, she turned down the stairs to find Kamery and rejoin the others.}}