{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Far from dark forests and Defias plots, Elthas curled his body through the cool water, reveling in the freedom of his new form\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sea lion! Straightening out, he propelled his body swiftly through the waters surrounding Teldrassil. Whiskers twitched on his nose, but they were different now; instead of scents, they picked up temperature and currents. Curling around, he dove down as far as he could, until the rough, purplish rock of the ocean floor came into view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The druid paused for a moment on the sea floor, watching the fish darting among the corals. Then, pushing off with a powerful movement, he streaked upwards, exultantly breaking the surface of the water. He drew in a deep breath, noting that the scent of the ocean and the breeze from Darkshore were more muted in this form. Dark eyes blinked in the bright sunlight, as he turned and dove back underwater, feeling the water flow smoothly around him. He twisted about with excitement. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wait to show Carolyn! She took such delight in his different forms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the thought of the Human priestess, he slowed, drifting with the current momentarily. He would need to find her again, and that meant returning to Stormwind. His blunt nose wrinkled up at the thought of the stone city, but for his friend, it was worth it. Perhaps he could navigate the waters of the canals, rather than get lost in the streets. The thought brightened his mood, and turning smoothly, he cut through the water to the small dock at the edge of the Kaldorei homeland. The boat there would take him across to Auberdine, and then he could catch the larger ship to Menethil Harbor.}}