{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn shuddered at Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suggestion of a vest, but she suspected that the mage had only been teasing. She hoped that the mage had been teasing. Studying Bryna\u8217\'92s face now, she had to admit that she wasn\u8217\'92t quite sure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although she could make a new robe for herself, it would take time, and Carolyn realized that she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet visited the Cathedral. She had been there twice during her training in Northshire, before her trip to Kalimdor, and the soaring building had impressed her. The priests there were not as combat-oriented as her trainers in Northshire, and she wondered if they might have some useful instruction for her now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking down at her robe, with its multiple repairs and patches, and currently two new gaping tears, she knew she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t go there like this. Bryna\u8217\'92s invitation was certainly appealing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 she agreed. \u8220\'93A new robe sounds nice.\u8221\'94 She carefully emphasized the clothing item that she wanted, and saw Bryna\u8217\'92s lips twitch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t deal with leather,\u8221\'94 the mage said apologetically to Elthas, \u8220\'93but you\u8217\'92re welcome to come along if you want?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sleek black panther at their feet shook his head, shifting smoothly out of form again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to visit the druids in the Park,\u8221\'94 he told them. His features crinkled with confusion as he looked around the busy streets. \u8220\'93Where is it again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn felt a pang of sympathy. She knew why Kamery had been concerned about them, although her sister had apparently forgotten that Bryna had grown up in the city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come with us,\u8221\'94 Bryna invited. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just across the canal from the Mage District. We\u8217\'92ll go the long way around,\u8221\'94 she told Carolyn, \u8220\'93and show him the right bridge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn nodded, happy to follow the confident mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lead. Elthas gave a small bow of gratitude, before he shifted back into his feline form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna led them out of the busy Trade District, casting a wistful glance at the trading house as they walked by. The clamor of voices within could be heard even out in the busy streets. As they passed under the stone arch leading to the canal-side, the bustle and noise of the district died down immediately, and Carolyn felt Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s step lighten next to her, regaining some of its usual springiness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Staying on the canal-side pathway, they retraced their earlier steps, across one of the city\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s low bridges and past the massive stone building that housed the Stockades. Feeling her friends\u8217\'92 eyes on her, Carolyn smiled at them reassuringly. Elthas accepted her expression, and bounded eagerly ahead across the open cobblestone square. Bryna\u8217\'92s eyes lingered a little longer, but then she also seemed to accept Carolyn\u8217\'92s attitude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn understood their concern. The feeling of falling, the darkness closing in, had been intense. But it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the first time it had happened, and she was certain that it wouldn\u8217\'92t be the last. Her spirit was anchored firmly in Azeroth though, as were theirs. The weakness of her body couldn\u8217\'92t break that spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pulling her thoughts away from the memory, Carolyn looked around the square with interest. Although she knew that most of the shops of the Mage Quarter were on the inner side, facing the tower in the center, there were a few small shops on this side too. Signs proclaimed enchanting reagents and magical wands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn chuckled silently at the memory of her trainers trying to teach her to use a wand. She had never been able to get the timing quite right. She felt much more comfortable swinging her heavy staff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coming around the far side of the Stockade, they could now see the Park across the canal. A bridge arched over the water not far ahead to the right, and on the left, an opening led into the Mage District, between the crowded buildings. Elthas stopped at the near end of the bridge, waiting for them to reach him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See you soon!\u8221\'94 he said, anticipation for his visit to the Park quickening the voice emerging from the panther\u8217\'92s throat. Carolyn knew that the stone city had been wearing on him. It had been a bit much for her too, after the past year in the wilds of Kalimdor; even the Kaldorei city of Darnassus was entwined with nature. Bryna, of course, looked completely at ease as she waved goodbye to the druid and beckoned Carolyn to follow her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a wave of her own, Carolyn followed the confident mage into the twisting maze of the Mage Quarter. Her earlier visits, both at the other entrance, had been brief and the path had seemed more straightforward. On this side, however, she could already see the path ahead of them branching and turning. From her right, a pungent aroma assaulted her, and she wrinkled her nose at the unpleasant mix. Brimstone and blood and something else she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to dwell on long enough to figure out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ugh, I always forget the Lamb is so close to this entrance,\u8221\'94 Bryna grumbled, guiding them in the opposite direction. She obviously knew the Quarter well, her steps unerring, and they soon emerged in a wide central lawn, dominated by the tall white stone tower. Smooth stone rose up high overhead, before flaring out into a wider, crenelated turret at the top. A sweeping ramp curved around the tower, leading up from the lawn. After passing around the entire circumference of the tower, the ramp disappeared into an open doorway at the base of the turret.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna paused at the bottom of the ramp, looking up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should see if they have any new spells,\u8221\'94 she stated, already moving past the end of the ramp. \u8220\'93Robes first, though!\u8221\'94 Turning left, the mage led them into a small shop on the perimeter of the area, under a sign that declared, \u8220\'93Duncan\u8217\'92s Textiles\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn paused for a moment, letting her eyes adjust from the bright afternoon sun outside. She could smell the familiar scents of linen and cotton, as well as more exotic silk and something she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t identify, but which reminded her of the enchantments that Bryna had woven into her robe. An appalled gasp to her left told her where the shop owner was, and she suddenly felt self-conscious in her battered robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As her eyes adjusted, she made out a tall man in an immaculate suit standing behind a counter that ran the entire length of the shop. A dazzling array of bolts of cloth lined the wall behind him, ranging from rough wools to shimmering silks. On the opposite side, to her right, a handful of wooden figures held a sampling of ready-to-wear clothing, their enchantments shimmering in the light that filtered in through windows at the far end of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dad,\u8221\'94 Bryna spoke firmly, \u8220\'93this is Carolyn, a priestess. She needs a new robe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course she does!\u8221\'94 exclaimed a well-dressed woman as she approached Carolyn from the far end of the shop. One of her hands plucked at the recently repaired sleeve. \u8220\'93At least you tried,\u8221\'94 she sniffed at Bryna, and Carolyn almost laughed at the mage\u8217\'92s indignant expression.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s father recovered his composure, he began pulling out a variety of robes. The mage\u8217\'92s mother guided Carolyn to a small room to one side where she could finally remove her own tattered garment. As she began trying on the proffered robes, Carolyn decided that she was in good hands.}}