{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she leaned into Elthas and Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s embrace, emotions swirled through Carolyn. Grief and loss, yes, but those she had come to terms with over time. More recently, and more sharply though, she felt guilt. She had been so wrapped up in her own thoughts and desires a year ago; she had left Kamery alone in Stormwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the time, she had felt almost intimidated by Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s role with SI:7, and her sister had seemed strong and invulnerable. It hadn\u8217\'92t been until the request for aid in Westfall that Carolyn had realized that Kamery needed her as much as she had once relied on her sister\u8217\'92s strength during their parents\u8217\'92 illness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had felt helpless, powerless, as her rudimentary spells did nothing. Now, remembering the futile efforts of the other priests, and knowing more about the nature of life and death, she realized that there was no fault there. Nonetheless, she had taken advantage of her childhood whims, and run away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 Carolyn whispered to Kamery, but her sister just held her tighter, silently telling her that there was no need.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they exchanged quiet understanding, the emotional moment was broken by Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat-clearing. The warrior was trying to be tactful, but it went against her nature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Drying her eyes with one hand, Carolyn looked up to see Varian striding towards them, a stormy look on his face. That look softened somewhat when he noticed her state, but his determination did not fade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maxwell is being singularly unhelpful.\u8221\'94 The King growled. \u8220\'93Every moment we waste is one moment longer that my son is in the clutches of that beast. His life has already been threatened. We must unmask her, yet we still know nothing of the situation in Stormwind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery faced Varian. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We will accompany you, but I believe we should stop in Elwynn Forest first.\u8221\'94 She proffered Shaw\u8217\'92s terse invitation and the King scanned it. Kamery addressed his confusion. \u8220\'93He means the cottage that Carolyn and I grew up in. It is abandoned now, but lies not far from the gates of Stormwind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian nodded shortly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If anyone knows the situation in Stormwind, it is Mathias Shaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With their path once more tied to that of the King, the small group set forth on the journey that would take them south through Redridge and then west, past Three Corners, and into Elwynn Forest.}}