{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air in the internment camp was thick with tension, a palpable sense of despair hanging over the dilapidated structures. The orcs, once proud warriors, were now shackled and lethargic, prisoners of a war not of their making. Raynn's parents, among the few who had learned the orcish language, stood defiantly, voices raised in support of the orcs' release.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall, the young orc Warchief, stood at the forefront, demanding the freedom of his people. Raynn's parents' pleas resonated with him, finding allies in the most unexpected places. The other humans, however, were not swayed by their arguments. Anger and prejudice fueled their violence, and the once-supportive words became a death sentence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From her hiding place, Raynn watched in horror as her parents were mercilessly beaten, their bodies wracked with pain. Her mother lay unconscious, a pool of blood forming around her head. The brutality of the scene etched itself into Raynn's memory, fueling a mixture of fear, rage, and helplessness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as the situation seemed unbearable, Grom Hellscream, a formidable orc warrior, arrived. He surveyed the grim scene, recognizing the futility of saving Raynn's parents. Her father, with a strength born of desperation, managed to convey a plea for his daughter's safety. Grom, remembering his own young son, nodded solemnly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Raynn's father took his last breath, Grom turned to the unconscious mother. The air was heavy with sorrow and the weight of a promise. Thrall arrived, witnessing the aftermath of the tragedy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We need to find a human child," Grom declared, surprising Thrall with the unexpected request.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall hesitated, unsure about bringing a human child into the midst of orc refugees and warriors. Grom, however, insisted that it was a blood oath \endash  a matter of honor that could not be ignored.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was then that Raynn, tears streaking her dirt-stained face, emerged from her hiding place to suggest a solution.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Take me to the dwarves in Dun Modr." Her voice trembled with emotion, but she regarded the orcs steadily. "My father fought alongside them before. They'll keep me safe."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom and Thrall exchanged glances, considering the proposition. The idea seemed viable, and the promise made by Grom to Raynn's dying father lingered in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Very well," Grom agreed, his voice carrying the weight of responsibility. "We'll take you to the dwarves in Dun Modr."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And so, amidst the sorrowful landscape of the internment camp, a pact was formed \endash  a promise made to a dying man, sealed with the fate of a young girl who would find an unexpected sanctuary among the dwarves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}