{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The white stone walls of Stormwind rose up to engulf the group as they flew in on their hired gryphons. Raynn wondered if she would ever look at the city the same way again. Every stone was now a reminder of the wounds of her companions. A chill ran through her as she remembered the arrow piercing Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, the blood matting Elthas\u8217\'92s fur, the single-minded pursuit of Kamery. He had refused to back down, refused to surrender to face justice. The city\u8217\'92s shining walls and towers were now overshadowed by the cost of their construction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dismounting, the group moved as one, away from the busy gryphon master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s post, and deeper into the streets of the city. Raynn looked at the others, wondering what they were thinking. Bryna answered her question unknowingly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew about the riots,\u8221\'94 the mage mused, \u8220\'93but I never realized just how bad things had gotten since.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Riots?\u8221\'94 Elthas asked, his brow furrowed. He hadn\u8217\'92t shifted back to feline form since the gryphon ride, which would have been impossible in an animal form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded, remembering the histories that she had read. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Stonemasons rebuilt Stormwind after the wars. They demanded too much in payment. When they were denied, they rioted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery cleared her throat, interjecting, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They were offered a pittance, far less than they had previously been promised.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn raised an eyebrow. That hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been in the histories. Then again, the history books had been written for the House of Nobles, the very group who had refused the Stonemasons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s something in between both,\u8221\'94 Bryna clarified. \u8220\'93The House of Nobles refused to pay the agreed amount, true, but the Stonemasons demanded far too much afterwards also. The riots though, that was the final straw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn took up the tale when Bryna paused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The House of Nobles disbanded the Stonemasons. They rioted, and the Queen was killed.\u8221\'94 She shook her head sadly, eyes unfocused in reminiscence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The surviving Stonemasons fled Stormwind for Westfall, where they formed the Defias.\u8221\'94 Kamery concluded, bringing the story full-circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93King Varian would never forgive them,\u8221\'94 Bryna added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden eyes widened, and Raynn was glad that she hadn\u8217\'92t been the only one who hadn\u8217\'92t known the full story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They stood for a moment, amidst the bustle of the thriving city, in quiet contemplation. Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sense of duty soon got the best of her though, and she broke the reverie, saying, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d better report back to Shaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn felt her muscles tense at the mention of the SI:7 spy master. Kamery had become a close ally over the past few days, but now she was reminded of the young rogue\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s true allegiances. Even Elthas\u8217\'92s innocent curiosity set her on edge, now that they were beyond the heat of battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should get back to Dane,\u8221\'94 she made her excuses. \u8220\'93I have a new pair of gauntlets to finish!\u8221\'94 Her heartbeat quickened as she thought of the almost-finished gloves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she walked along the canal towards the Dwarven District, Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind lingered on the past few days. They had come together well in a short time, fighting as one cohesive group. Raynn\u8217\'92s heart swelled at the memories, despite her now-conflicted thoughts about VanCleef and the Defias. The former Stonemasons had gone too far, that was certain. But at the same time, she understood hopelessness and fighting against injustice with desperation. Memories of Thrall flooded her mind, of the Orcish Warchief\u8217\'92s quest to liberate his people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall had fought with honor though, Raynn reminded herself, remembering the Defias dreadnought filled with explosives that she and her companions had destroyed. And the Warchief had fought only when he had no other option. He had offered the internment camps a choice; it was the Humans who had refused him and forced his hand. Who had\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no, she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think about her parents now. Cold anger ran through her as she crossed the final bridge. She needed the blacksmithing hammer more than ever now, to pour her feelings into the metal instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The atmosphere of the Dwarven District was instantly soothing, reminding her of the happier times that had followed all of the turmoil. The gruff voices of Dwarves and the higher-pitched voices of Gnomes mingling together in a familiar harmony. The smokiness in the air was comforting, although it lacked the crispness of Ironforge and Dun Morogh. Even the buildings were less imposing, comprised mostly of wood and plaster, rather than the white stone of the rest of the city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dane seemed to sense her mood, as he stood back and allowed her to work silently. The finishing work was more delicate than her thoughts wanted, but she forced herself to keep her movements deliberate, precise. She wanted these gauntlets to be perfect more than she needed to give her rage an outlet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bustle of the Dwarven District faded as she worked, each stroke of the hammer adding a final detail to the armor. Dane had taught her not only how to shape the metal, but also how to add enchantments into the work, mostly using crushed gems as reagents to mix with the iron. The cuffs of the gauntlets shimmered with a faint opalescence, and Raynn took a moment to admire the work, before she hammered in the last few rivets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slipping the now-finished gauntlets on her hands, Raynn flexed her fingers. She savored the subtle whisper of the articulating iron, almost lost in the creak of the new leather, as they seamlessly conformed to her movements. After allowing herself a moment of proud satisfaction, she stepped to a deserted corner of the smith\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s area. Drawing her sword, she began to run through a precise practice routine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lass!\u8221\'94 Dane\u8217\'92s voice broke her concentration. She smiled at his address. Although not a Dwarf himself, the man had spent even more time with them than she had, and had picked up many of their patterns of speech. She looked over to see what warranted his call, and saw a familiar face.}}