{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina approached the orc Warchief, her curiosity piqued by the visible struggle in Thrall's eyes. The soothing green glow of shamanistic healing emanated from his hands, casting an ethereal light over the still form on the ground. She couldn't help but wonder who the patient was, hidden beneath the armor and unconsciousness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she drew nearer, her eyes widened with surprise. A human. Amidst the orc ranks. The realization hit her like a sudden gust of wind, leaving her momentarily speechless. Her gaze lingered on the unconscious girl, absorbing the unexpected sight. Thrall, the orc Warchief, had forged an alliance with her people, but the presence of another human among them was unforeseen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I hadn't known... another human among your ranks," she finally revealed, her tone carrying a mix of fascination and concern. The scene unfolded before her, painting an unexpected picture of unity and shared struggle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Thrall's frustration with his healing attempts became palpable, Jaina sensed his inner turmoil. His helplessness mirrored her own feelings when confronted with the uncertainty of the young warrior's fate. There was a shared understanding, a common thread of compassion that transcended the boundaries of their races.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Determined to offer a solution, Jaina pressed on, "Thrall, there is another way. I can take her to Stonetalon Peak, to our human encampment. She'll find healing among her own people, far from the brewing conflicts with the Night Elves and the Legion."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In that moment, as she spoke those words, Jaina glimpsed Thrall's hesitation. His gaze lingered on the unconscious form, torn between duty and concern. She respected the internal struggle, recognizing the burden of leadership.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Do what you must, Jaina. Ensure she finds the healing she needs," Thrall reluctantly agreed, his voice carrying the weight of a leader faced with difficult choices.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a swift incantation, Jaina harnessed the arcane energies, teleporting herself and the mysterious young warrior to the haven of the Stonetalon Mountains.}}