{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas sneezed. He shook his head to clear it. The path, winding through fresh, evergreen-scented hills, had led into a tunnel filled with pale blue mist. Raynn and Bryna had led the way confidently\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and the mage had done this before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so he had followed readily. The mist had smelled pleasantly spicy, but it had tickled his nose. A strange swirl of magic had enveloped them, tingling against the runes on his shoulders, and then scene had changed. The sensations had been similar to portal travel, and yet, completely different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The evergreen scents returned, although muted and mixed with earthy smells from the small cave they now found themselves in. The grassy hills lay just outside. Elthas longed to explore, to bound across the thick, verdant slopes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pulling his thoughts back into the cave, the druid reminded himself that they were here for a mission. His attention focused on the others in the cave. He could see that the Humans from Stormwind were still confused, and wondered how much they knew of the history of Kalimdor. Of all of Azeroth, really, he realized.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn had seemed more familiar, reminding Elthas of his first impressions of the warrior and how she had reminded him of Kalimdor. It had been at Mount Hyjal, in Kalimdor, that Thrall, and the Horde, had been instrumental in defeating Archimonde and turning back the invasion of the Burning Legion. Their mission here was clear; if Thrall hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t led the Horde to Kalimdor, then Archimonde and his Legion would have destroyed the World Tree before the druids could mount their counterattack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greetings,\u8221\'94 a bronze dragon ducked his head into the small cave. \u8220\'93I am Erozion. Here, the Infinite flight has kidnapped Taretha Foxton, daughter of the secretary of Aedelas Blackmoore, ruler of Durnholde and overseer of all internment camps on Azeroth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At Erozion\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mention of Blackmoore\u8217\'92s name, Raynn\u8217\'92s hands tightened into fists. This was personal for her, Elthas realized.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Taretha who created the original diversion at Durnholde, allowing Thrall to escape,\u8221\'94 Erozion continued. \u8220\'93Now the Infinite have captured Taretha. The diversion will not happen without your involvement. You must use these incendiary devices to burn down the internment lodges.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn took the proffered sack immediately. Her step was firm and determined as she led the way out of the cave.}}