{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas watched the Kaldorei walk away with interest. Helendis seemed to be some sort of warrior, although not quite as much of one as Raynn, or a Sentinel. He was certainly frazzled, and Elthas couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t blame him. This blasted land was completely devoid of life, and the constant odor of ash and fire assaulted their senses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The druid was glad that he had begun to adjust to towering over his Human friends, as the feline form was far too sensitive to stay in for long. He longed for green grass, and preferably some trees. While the presence of his friends made such lifeless landscapes tolerable, he was much more comfortable when surrounded by growing things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna was turning the letter over in her hands, examining it; she seemed disappointed that it was securely sealed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll run errands while you go stab things.\u8221\'94 The mage grinned at Kamery from under the wide, floppy brim of her red hat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rogue considered for a moment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The road will be dangerous. The Blackrock have encroached on Redridge already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although Elthas had never been to Redridge, he decided that it must have some sort of vegetation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go with you,\u8221\'94 he quickly offered and Bryna accepted gratefully. Kamery looked mollified and she followed Raynn and Carolyn out of the small encampment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry I won\u8217\'92t be much conversation,\u8221\'94 Elthas apologized, shifting into his cheetah form. His whiskers twitched at the pervasive singed scent in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna smiled at the druid. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92ll be good to have company either way.\u8221\'94 Pulling her enchanted carpet from her bag, she unfurled it and hopped on. A shift of her weight, and the rug accelerated down the slope after the swift cheetah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the magical carpet effortlessly kept pace with his cheetah, the black ash gave way to warm brown soil. As patches of low grass began to spring up along the way, Elthas breathed deeply, reveling in once more being surrounded by life. Sparse trees, accompanied by the cheerful chirping of birds, dotted the roadside as they approached the Human village.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With its white walls, criss-crossing dark wood supports, and clay tile roofs, Lakeshire epitomized the Human architectural style. The hamlet was build on the shores of a long, narrow lake, the glistening waters of which beckoned to Elthas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Business came first though, and they made their way to the town hall. Magistrate Solomon was grim when he read the message, telling them that Lakeshire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forces were already spread too thin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You must take this information to Highlord Bolvar Fordragon in Stormwind at once! If he does not send the aid of Stormwind, then all is lost,\u8221\'94 Solomon declared, sending them away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moving back outside, they found a quiet corner beside the town hall in Lakeshire to discuss their next move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re supposed to avoid Stormwind,\u8221\'94 Elthas frowned, his long features lengthening even more. \u8220\'93We have no choice though, we need to seek their aid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shaw won\u8217\'92t like it.\u8221\'94 Bryna shrugged, her mind already decided. \u8220\'93But not we. I\u8217\'92ll go. There are too few Kaldorei in Stormwind; you\u8217\'92ll stand out too much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her statement made Elthas laugh, as he gestured to her bright red hat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a light snort, Bryna pulled the hat off her head and slipped it into her bag, pulling out a simple robe instead. Pulling the robe on over her head, she then gathered her hair and tied it in a low ponytail at the nape of her neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reaching into her bag again, Bryna pulled out a simple magic wand and affixed it to her belt. A quick illusion spell transformed the features of her face and turned her hair a mousy brown. Now, she looked like any one of a dozen adventuresome mages who might deliver such a message.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas watched, wide-eyed at the transformation. She was practically druidic in this ability. He nodded his approval and watched as Bryna pulled the teleportation energies around herself, breaking Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s orders.}}