{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Raynn faced the looming menace of Onyxia, the black dragon in her element in her lair of fire and ash. Despite all of the challenges and battles they had faced, there was something about the fearsome dragon that stripped away training and experience, and left them exposed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Onyxia roared, her voice imbued with magic. Insidious tendrils crept into the minds of the group, rendering them immobile with terror. Frantically, Carolyn worked to unravel the spells, but was quickly overwhelmed. The others, overwhelmed by the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s magic, were vulnerable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn felt her resolve slipping away in the face of the onslaught, struggling to maintain her grip, to shield her friends and allies.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "You must face the fury within you, Raynn. Embrace the power that courses through your veins.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The words resounded in her mind suddenly, a long-forgotten echo from a tormented mentor. The memory of the wild blows, barely controlled, rose up in her. There was power there - a different kind of power than the carefully controlled defensive style that she had honed over the past years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shield dropped from its protective position as she took a more aggressive stance. The fear still echoed through her mind, but she embraced it. Drawing strength from it, she allowed it to boil up and out of her in an inarticulate roar of rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her voice broke through her allies\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 paralysis, spurring them to action. Frost gathered around Bryna\u8217\'92s fingers and was hurled with deadly accuracy at the onyx dragon. Jaina\u8217\'92s arcane missiles joined the chilly bolts. Elthas and Broll leaped back into the fray with renewed fury, snarling as their claws ripped shreds out of their foe\u8217\'92s hide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn, with a small smile of gratitude, drew on the Light, mending Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wounds. Although not a warrior herself, Carolyn had done enough healing in her adventures to recognize the value of a well-positioned shield. She accepted the added healing burden gladly though, knowing that Raynn had made the sacrifice in exchange for valuable offensive support.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s and Valeera\u8217\'92s daggers flashed, pinpointing vulnerabilities in the scaled hide. Onyxia roared once more, but this time from pain. Bolvar\u8217\'92s broadsword swung down in a heavy blow, shattering an obsidian scale on the brood-mother\u8217\'92s shoulder. Icicles gathered around Bryna\u8217\'92s head, coalesced into a deadly projectile, and launched at the dragon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grimacing from the pain the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s razor-sharp claws were inflicting, Raynn swung her sword with all her strength and rage. Her parents, slain by their own kind, fueled by fear and hatred. Grommash, tormented by demons until his moment of death. Even Thrall, his memories of their battles erased by indifferent bronze dragons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian, fueled by his own pain and rage, struck successive blows with his dual swords, taking advantage of the opening Bolvar had created. Onyxia fell, her eyes losing the burning light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn stood still for a moment, catching her breath, and gathering her thoughts. All of her losses, all of her anger, faded back away again, swept away under the friendship and camaraderie she shared with the jubilant group that now surrounded her. The feelings lingered, to be sure, but now under control. She knew she could harness them again, learn to master and use them, just as Grom had once instructed.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}