{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A flash of lightning lit up the sky as Scott unlocked the front door of his townhouse. He opened the door and folded his dripping umbrella. Shaking the umbrella to loosen as much water as he could, he stepped inside. A crack of thunder accompanied the soft click of the door closing behind him. Staying on the woven brown doormat for a moment, he shook himself off. Although the umbrella had stopped some of the rain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 its current sodden state a testament to that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the wind had blown enough underneath its protection that his trouser legs were quite damp below the hem of his tan raincoat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Collecting himself, Scott turned to the umbrella stand, only to find that it was once again missing from its usual spot at the edge of the white-tiled entryway. Every time it rained, it seemed, the umbrella stand disappeared. It was quite puzzling, especially considering that he lived alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a sigh, Scott propped his umbrella up against the wall, setting his briefcase down beside it. Shucking his coat, he hung it in the closet, then kicked off his boots and set them on the closet floor, to one side of the coat, so that it would not drip into them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His outerwear settled, Scott picked up his briefcase once more, and headed down the hallway. His feet sank into the plush beige carpet, leaving slightly darker damp footprints that quickly faded. At the first door on the left, he stopped to set the case just inside the door of his study. The dark oak walls contrasted with the off-white walls of the hallway, and the comfortable furniture beckoned invitingly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 both his heavy desk and office chair, and the armchair by the propane fireplace. He had some papers to grade tonight, but that would wait until after dinner and, more importantly, dry clothing. His trousers were starting to cling uncomfortably to his legs, and even his jacket felt damp. After a day in the lecture hall, he was more than ready to trade the brown tweed for a wool sweater.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, as he continued along the hall to his bedroom, just beyond the study, his quest for dry clothing was derailed by the sound of singing from the kitchen across the hall. A moment of confusion was quickly replaced by the realization that Mrs. Shannon must still be here. His weekly housekeeper was usually done with her tasks before he got home. Perhaps, he thought, she knew something about the umbrella stand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stepping into the kitchen, he watched for a moment as the stout, grey-haired woman bustled about putting away the last of his clean dishes. She was singing one of his favorite songs, and he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but join in, their voices blending in perfect harmony for a moment, before she faltered in surprise. She hadn\u8217\'92t heard him come in. As her voice faded, Scott also fell silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, sir!\u8221\'94 Mrs. Shannon apologized, her eyes wide. \u8220\'93The wash took longer than I expected. I\u8217\'92ll be done soon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scott smile reassuringly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No worries. I appreciate everything you do to keep my house in order.\u8221\'94 He remembered his earlier concern. \u8220\'93The umbrella rack is missing from the front hall? Do you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 he broke off as she flushed, faltering briefly in putting away a teacup, but nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s in the laundry,\u8221\'94 she revealed, tucking a stray strand of hair back into her neat bun, before picking up a plate from the dish rack. \u8220\'93When it rains, I can\u8217\'92t hang things outside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scott laughed at the simple answer to the mystery. Since hiring Mrs. Shannon, he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been in the laundry room much. That had always been Jeannette\u8217\'92s domain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she had shooed him out early in their relationship, saying that he had no aptitude for the art of delicates versus permanent press. He swallowed at the bittersweet memories. It had been three years, but he still missed her. He wondered how she was doing now; wondered if perhaps he shouldn\u8217\'92t have been so hesitant to propose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amidst lingering regrets, he reassured Mrs. Shannon with a genuine smile, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course not. Perhaps I should buy an indoor drying rack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Shannon nodded, putting away the last plate. She had worked efficiently through their short conversation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m all done now.\u8221\'94 She gave him a respectful nod, and he stepped aside so that she could leave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Mrs. Shannon,\u8221\'94 Scott said. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what I would have done without you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her gaze was fixed further down the hallway though, as she watched the puddle growing around his umbrella near the front door. The corners of her mouth tightened downwards and she turned past him down the hallway to the laundry room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment later, she returned with the umbrella stand and a towel. She handed both to him, saying \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Drying rack. Good evening.\u8221\'94 With a brisk nod, she walked out the front door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the front door closed behind Mrs. Shannon, Scott chuckled wryly. Setting the umbrella stand down, he returned the umbrella to its proper place, wistfully entertaining the fleeting wish that people could be as easily returned. The steady patter of the rain outside was a metronome, reminding him that time, and people, kept moving forwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He realized that his trousers, still unchanged, were nearly dry now. The puddle where the umbrella had stood was the only lingering remainder of the storm outside, and it disappeared quickly under the towel, leaving Scott alone in his warm, but once-again-lonely, home.}}