{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Name:** Anduin Wrynn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Race:** Human}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Class:** - (Not yet trained)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Affiliation:** Alliance, House of Wrynn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Title:** Prince of Stormwind (Heir Apparent)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Known Abilities:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **Youthful Spirit:** Anduin, at the age of 10, possesses the exuberance and curiosity typical of a child.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **Royal Lineage:** As the son of King Varian Wrynn, Anduin is the heir to the throne of Stormwind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Background:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin Wrynn is the young and hopeful prince of Stormwind. At this early stage, he has not yet undergone formal training in any class and is still in the process of discovering his path. His life is shaped by the political dynamics of Stormwind and the challenges faced by the Alliance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Known Relationships:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **King Varian Wrynn:** Anduin's father and the King of Stormwind. Their relationship is essential in shaping Anduin's future as a leader.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **Lady Tiffin Wrynn:** Anduin's mother, whose tragic death had a profound impact on the Wrynn family.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Notable Events:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **Youthful Exploration:** Anduin is in the early stages of his education and upbringing within the royal court.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **Tensions Within Stormwind:** The political climate within Stormwind influences Anduin's understanding of leadership.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Current Status (as of classic WoW era):**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin Wrynn is a 10-year-old prince, yet to embark on his journey of self-discovery and formal training. His role as heir apparent sets the stage for his future responsibilities.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}