{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guiding her frostsaber through the hills and into the bog, Raynn thought back to how she had met the sleek, powerful mount.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 After Haleh had told them that they needed the blood of a champion of the Black Dragonflight, Raynn, Kamery, and Bryna had descended the snow-covered mountainside and returned to the main road of Winterspring. There had been no sign of Carolyn or Elthas, so they had ridden up the northern road that the two had taken.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 At the end of the road, a large rock had risen up out of an icy-covered lake. The air was crisp and clean, a stark contrast to the smoky environs of Blackrock Mountain, with snow drifting lazily on the light breeze. Several massive grey and white striped cats had been playing with Carolyn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s moonsaber, leaping and pouncing in the snow. Despite their size, the cats\u8217\'92 grace and agility made their play near-soundless.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Their horses had been skittish, so they had dismounted as they approached closer. The large cats had noticed, padding over to investigate the newcomers, with Elthas in their midst. The druid seemed to have some sort of understanding with the wild creatures, and they sniffed around curiously, but not threateningly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Raynn had been surprised when one of the cats had nudged her with its large muzzle. The cat had risen up on its hindquarters to place its massive paws on her shoulders. Its rough whiskers had tickled her face, eliciting a laugh.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The frostsaber had nuzzled her face, then licked it with a moist, rough tongue. When it returned to four paws, it stayed at her side. Understanding why Carolyn had wanted a moonsaber, Raynn had taken off her gauntlet to scratch the cat behind the ears, enjoying the feel of its silky fur. She reveled in the immediacy of the moment and the unquestioning acceptance of the frostsaber, letting the pain of her past fade away for a time.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 They had played with the cats for a little while longer, taking a brief respite from worrying about the Black Dragonflight. When responsibility set in again, Elthas had interpreted for the frostsaber\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 it was curious and wanted to join them; it would be happy to serve as Raynn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over the next few days, Elthas had used his leather-working skills to fashion a light saddle and harness for them, and now, the cat eagerly carried her through the Wyrmbog to Onyxia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lair. The growing smoke in the air was a stark contrast to where they had met, and Raynn stroked the cat\u8217\'92s neck in appreciation.}}