{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The knock on Lily's door echoed through the quiet evening, disrupting the mundane rhythm of her everyday life. Opening the door, she was greeted by the sight of Anduin Wrynn, a figure from her past who had once stepped through a mysterious rift in the Shadowlands.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Anduin," Lily exclaimed, surprised and delighted to see him after all these years. His presence brought back a flood of memories from their initial encounter, the adventures they shared, and the uncharted connection that lingered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin smiled warmly, a mixture of nostalgia and genuine happiness in his eyes. "Lily, it's been too long," he remarked, stepping into the familiar space that had once been the backdrop of their unusual meeting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they caught up on the lost time, Anduin shared tales of Azeroth's ongoing struggles and triumphs. Lily, in turn, recounted the chapters of her life that unfolded on Earth. The conversation flowed effortlessly, as if the years apart had merely been a brief pause in an ongoing dialogue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the quiet moments that followed, Lily couldn't help but feel a sense of gratitude for the unexpected connection forged across dimensions. Anduin, too, seemed to appreciate the subtle magic of their reunion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before parting ways, Anduin handed Lily a small trinket \endash  a token from Azeroth, a reminder of their shared history. "For old times' sake," he said with a smile.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Anduin bid farewell and stepped back into the unknown, Lily found herself standing at the threshold of the present and the echoes of the past. The rift that had once brought them together had, for a fleeting moment, allowed their paths to cross again, leaving Lily with a sense of wonder and a cherished connection that transcended time and distance.}}