{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn slammed her shield forward, trying to disrupt the Orc\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s single-minded pursuit of their healer. Although the warrior knew that Elthas could revive Carolyn, Raynn did not want to see the priestess fall again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once again, she forcefully placed her body between the furious Orc and her healer. She had to get his attention. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Bryna conjuring a snowstorm to deal with the remaining whelplings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rend Blackhand,\u8221\'94 she spat, and was rewarded by a snarl of acknowledgment. Raynn remembered standing on a low hill in Durotar, looking at the newly-build Orcish city.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Orgrimmar,\u8221\'94 Thrall told her it was called; named for the former Warchief of the Horde whose armor and weapon Thrall now wore. He told her of Orgrim Doomhammer, who had wrested control of the Horde from Blackhand and the Shadow Council, regaining their honor. Although Orgrim had fallen during the liberation of the Horde in the Arathi Highlands, not far from where Raynn\u8217\'92s own parents had died, his legacy lived on within Thrall, the new Warchief. Blackhand\u8217\'92s son had evaded capture, and had gathered the remnants of the old Horde at Blackrock Mountain. He had declared himself Warchief, refusing to follow Thrall to Kalimdor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smirking at the Orc before her, she switched to Rend\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own language. \u8220\'93False Warchief,\u8221\'94 she taunted in Orcish. \u8220\'93Son of a tyrant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was getting his attention now. She smiled grimly as she parried a furious swing of his polearm. Feeling Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s healing warmth spread through her body, she focused on keeping Rend\u8217\'92s attention. \u8220\'93Ur\u8217\'92gora.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rend became reckless in his fury at the insult, his blade swinging wildly. Behind him, Kamery dodged the flurry, then resumed her attacks. Elthas was less nimble, and hissed in pain as his left ear was lopped off. Holy light glowed over the wound moments later. No longer set on her heels, Carolyn had stepped to one side and was whispering healing spells once more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rend\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s uncontrolled attack had left him out of position. Seeing her opportunity, Raynn thrust forward with her sword, driving it into his abdomen, exposed by his traditional war harness. With a grunt, he fell to his knees. His single red eye was fixed on her now, still glowing with hatred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pulling her sword free, Raynn stared into his scarred, hatred-twisted face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lok-tar ogar,\u8221\'94 she whispered. His eye closed, and he fell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn stood a moment longer, then dropped to her knees. Her head fell back, eyes closing, as emotions roiled through her. Although he was far from the first Orc they had fought, something had been different, facing the erstwhile Chieftain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She could feel her friends gathering around her in silent camaraderie. Opening her eyes, she saw Vaelastrasz was looking from one end of the room to the other, frowning at the closed gates in either direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking up at the spectators on the balcony above, she saw shock in their eyes, but also respect. One, who seemed to be their leader, inclined his head slightly. He gestured to another with one hand, his eyes not leaving Raynn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment later, the gate that they had entered from rattled open. Raynn nodded in return to the Orc. They had won the right to face the black dragon champion.}}