{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lily led Anduin through the chilly Canadian streets to a cozy coffee shop, the scent of freshly brewed coffee enticing them inside. She couldn't shake off the feeling that this was an elaborate prank or an immersive cosplay experience, but Anduin's sincerity intrigued her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they settled into a corner booth, Lily studied Anduin, noting the fine details of his elaborate armor and the earnest expression on his face. "So, Anduin, you're really committed to this whole prince thing, huh?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin nodded, his blue eyes meeting hers. "It is not a charade, Lily. I am truly the Prince of Stormwind in my world, and I am perplexed by the nature of this unexpected journey."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Right, the Shadowlands and all that. Sounds like a plot straight out of a video game or a movie," Lily remarked, taking a sip of her coffee.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin observed the surroundings with a mixture of curiosity and confusion. "Your realm is filled with wonders I could not have fathomed. The technology, the architecture\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it is beyond my comprehension."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lily chuckled, leaning back in her seat. "Well, Anduin, you've got a lot to catch up on. But first, let's figure out how to get you back to wherever you came from. We can't have a prince getting lost in our world."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin's gaze softened, gratitude evident in his expression. "I appreciate your willingness to assist me, Lily. I am in your debt."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lily waved off his formality with a laugh. "No debts here, Anduin. We'll figure this out together. Now, tell me more about Stormwind and the Shadowlands. I'm all ears."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Anduin began recounting tales of his world, Lily listened with a mix of fascination and amusement. The unexpected encounter with the displaced prince had turned her ordinary day into something extraordinary, and she couldn't help but wonder how this fantastical journey would unfold.}}