{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hidden in the shadows of the doorway to the throne room, Kamery reeled from seeing Windsor disappear in flames right in front of her. Mourning would have to wait though, as the keep was now swarming with black dragonspawn rushing to answer Onyxia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s call. Shaw\u8217\'92s face was grim as he gestured to her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a silent command to return to the Prince. Without waiting for acknowledgment, he entered the throne room, slipping around the perimeter to reach Bolvar Fordragon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With one last glance at her sister, flanked by Bryna and Jaina Proudmoore near the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s main entrance, Kamery complied. A hint of sulfur wafted over her as a black dragonspawn rushed by in the opposite direction, hurrying to aid his mistress in the throne room. He didn\u8217\'92t see Kamery as she clung to the shadows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pausing for a moment outside the study door, she coated her daggers in the poisons that she always had at the ready. While her priority was to reach the Prince, she did not want to bring out the noxious substances in his presence. She hoped that Anduin would remain safe in his study, but she would be foolish not to be prepared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite the chaos beginning to erupt outside, the study was a warm haven of peace. Broll leaned easily against the wall to the right of the doorway, indulgently watching as Anduin played with Elthas, who was in feline form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance, Broll straightened, alerted, but then relaxed when he recognized her. Anduin\u8217\'92s laugh rang out as the young prince chased Elthas around the room. Beneath her bandanna, Kamery felt herself smile at the youthful innocence as she closed the door behind her.}}