{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery followed the druid out of the Stockades in a daze. One\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 small\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 part of her was alert for danger, as they passed the occupied cells, but the resistance seemed to have faded. She realized that Raynn, striding ahead of them with Thedd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s removed head, might have something to do with that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mostly though, her thoughts were whirling at the memory of her sister falling under the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assault. Her heart still ached, even though Carolyn was walking easily ahead of them, her robes torn and stained, but otherwise whole. Once the fight had ended, Carolyn had easily healed herself, and the rest of them. Kamery shook her head at her sister\u8217\'92s endurance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they climbed the ramp leading out of the prison, she looked down at the druid ahead of her. His whiskers twitched slightly as they traveled, and with a sniff, she realized that the air down here was dank and filled with smells best left unidentified. The metallic scent of blood trailing the warrior ahead also contributed to the unpleasant miasma.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they emerged, Raynn was already deep in conversation with the Warden. Thelwater looked only slightly mollified, but he accepted Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s burden, and after a few more words, began scribbling out a quick note. Kamery realized that she should be curious, but she was too worried about her sister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deciding that Raynn had the matter well in hand, she headed back out into the city streets. The bright light of the sun was a shock after the dim, torch-lit hallways below. Bryna had guided Carolyn over to the edge of the canal near the Stockade entrance, and the two were chatting casually. Kamery strode over, her steps feeling heavier than usual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn looked up as she approached, concern on her face. Kamery frowned; she was the one who was supposed to be concerned. Elthas had followed her, and as they reached the other two, he shifted out of feline form. Carolyn hugged the tall Kaldorei, and Kamery was reminded that the two of them had spent most of the past year together. She wondered now if Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s letters had told her everything. How much of what they had done had her sister left out?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solid footsteps behind her, with the distinctive ring of metal on stone, told Kamery that Raynn was approaching now too. She shifted slightly, moving closer to Carolyn, and allowing the warrior to join the group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94 Raynn spoke with characteristic bluntness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn smiled as she answered, her eyes traveling around the group. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elthas brought me back. It\u8217\'92s a powerful druidic spell. One that I know exhausts him.\u8221\'94 Her eyes lingered appreciatively on the tall druid. He ducked his head briefly, acknowledging her words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes swept over to Kamery as she continued, \u8220\'93I had to keep Raynn alive. If she fell, I wouldn\u8217\'92t have been able to heal anyone else. He hit hard.\u8221\'94 Bryna snorted at the understatement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a wry glance at the mage, Carolyn explained, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew Elthas could do it. I knew he was ready when he shifted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn studied the druid for a moment, her direct look making him fidget uncomfortably. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You healed me too, didn\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94 the warrior asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas nodded, and Kamery remembered their encounter in the Deadmines, when she had been injured. Not only had he healed her, but he had used his bear form to protect her. It seemed that every time they fought, she learned a new aspect of the druid. She wondered how many more surprises he had in store. She found herself hoping that she would have an opportunity to find out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn cleared her throat, releasing Elthas from her gaze as she turned to Kamery. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thelwater told me about a frequent visitor Thedd has been receiving recently. Thought he was suspicious, but the papers checked out.\u8221\'94 Her tone indicated her opinion of Thelwater\u8217\'92s thoroughness. She held out a folded note. \u8220\'93He gave me a name and a description. He suggested we\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her voice, and outstretched hand, indicated that she did not want to be included in that grouping\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93consult with Mathias Shaw at SI:7.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded. A name and description weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much to go on, but if anyone could get to the heart of the matter, it would be Shaw. Cringing inwardly, she ignored the outstretched note. Trying to choose her words, and tone, carefully, she informed the reluctant warrior, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll have to report yourself. Shaw will want to hear exactly what Thelwater said.\u8221\'94 She shook her head apologetically. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I was distracted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face softened with sympathy, as she glanced at Carolyn. \u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 she responded, but then, with a hint of discomfort, she asked, \u8220\'93Could you come with me?\u8221\'94 She added in a rush, \u8220\'93You know him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn gave Kamery a small push on her shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on,\u8221\'94 she directed. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m fine now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once again, Kamery wondered what troubles her sister and Elthas had gotten into in Kalimdor. Carolyn was far too nonchalant for this to have been her first brush with death. Elthas nodded encouragement though, so she nodded to Raynn, and the two set off for Old Town, home of the familiar barracks and headquarters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a short walk, and passed mostly in silence. Kamery was still shaken by seeing her sister fall, and Raynn was wrapped up in her own thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shaw isn\u8217\'92t that bad, once you get to know him.\u8221\'94 Kamery broke the silence, as they left the cobblestone streets of Old Town, mounting the short, wide flight of steps up to the lawn that lay between the barracks and SI:7.}}