{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the stealthy trio slipped through the shadows on their clandestine mission, the rest of the party made the short trip through the tunnels to the Black Forge. The only place where the rare ore could be smelted, the Forge was located at the end of a rickety bridge made of metal grating, leading out over a river of slowly flowing molten rock. The heat rising from the magma was incredible, powering the forge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian, Carolyn, and Bryna watched from the safety of solid stone as Raynn confidently made her way along a narrow bridge and settled in with her ores.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna was pleased that the scrap of information had paid off. Nothing more than an idle curiosity when she had discovered it, the poorly translated list had been tucked away with the rest of her obscure knowledge, almost all esoteric and unused. It had come to mind as she had been sorting through Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s finds in Un\u8217\'92goro Crater however, as she had realized that they fulfilled the list. Out of curiosity, she had set the required items aside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work would take some time, she had warned them. Nearby, a wide bridge of worked stone crossed the river of magma, leading to a gaping cavern that shimmered and pulsed with elemental energy from within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Staring intently at the distant cavern, Varian gave voice to his impatience with waiting, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We must be close to the Firelord\u8217\'92s lair. That may be the entrance across the way.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna slanted a look at the King from below the brim of her red hat. Surely he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t suggesting that the three of them tackle Ragnaros\u8217\'92s inner sanctum alone. Carolyn\u8217\'92s face reflected her thoughts, but Varian\u8217\'92s self-deprecating smile reassured them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not suggest we confront the Firelord today.\u8221\'94 He gestured to the elementals guarding the bridge. \u8220\'93But perhaps we could reach the entrance and gather information?\u8221\'94 He was solicitous enough to ask Carolyn\u8217\'92s approval.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The priestess glanced at Bryna, and the mage shrugged easily; her frost spells were quite effective against the elementals, so long as Carolyn could keep the King alive. He still hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t obtained a shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a moment of consideration, Carolyn nodded. With a final glance at Raynn, deep in her work at the forge, they mounted the short slope to the bridge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feral roar drew the attention of the first two elementals immediately. Caution, Bryna decided, was recommended. Although her polymorph spells wouldn\u8217\'92t work on elementals, she could, and did, freeze one in place, out of reach of the King. Her spells and Varian\u8217\'92s swords made quick work of the first, then the second, and they crossed the wide bridge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like all Dwarven work, the stones were well-cut and fitted together closely, making the span comfortingly solid. Bryna glanced up and down the river of magma. Its source was multiple streams oozing out from the stone walls, not far beyond where Raynn worked. To the other side, the stream, and the wide, deep chasm it occupied, curved to the left out of sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the far side of the well-made bridge, they faced two more elemental guards. Once again, Bryna froze one in place, but this time, Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wild blows shattered the delicate bonds of frost. Under the onslaught from two elementals, the King\u8217\'92s ferocious assault faltered, and he stumbled. Carolyn\u8217\'92s face was tight, her holy spells a constant stream, but the King was taking too much damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eyes narrowing, Bryna focused her attacks on the elemental guard that Varian seemed less focused on. While standard tactics dictated concentrating damage to fell one enemy first, she knew that if she drew the elemental\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention, Carolyn would be able to keep the King alive. Allowing the King of Stormwind to die was a decidedly bad idea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her gambit worked, and the elemental broke off to pursue her. Employing her frost spells to chill and slow its movements, Bryna worked her way back across the bridge, careful to keep an eye on her surroundings and not fall off the edge. Dark Iron Dwarves had a poor grasp of safety, it seemed. Their bridges had sheer edges, without so much as a guardrail to warn the unwary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although her intermittent spells weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t doing much damage, she had bought Varian and Carolyn the time they needed, and it wasn\u8217\'92t long before they joined her and felled the final guard. The entrance to the Molten Core lay open before them, and they crept closer to peer in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their exploration was short-lived; just around the first bend, a pair of massive molten giants stood guard over the first bridge leading down into the Firelord\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s abode. Even Varian was willing to retreat at the sight, for the time being.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they walked back across the bridge though, he vowed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When I retake my throne, all of Stormwind\u8217\'92s armies will march in here and destroy the Firelord once and for all.\u8221\'94 Bryna and Carolyn nodded in agreement. When that day came, they would be there, as would, they hoped, Raynn and her new protective armor.}}