{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a smile, Kamery agreed with the statement, simple but carrying so much meaning. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll find you when Shaw is done with me,\u8221\'94 she promised.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A short while later, Kamery watched with bemusement as Bryna cast another portal spell. At least half a dozen portals shimmered in the shadowy depths of the ravine. The mage collected another toll, and a young Gnome warlock leaped through the latest portal, this one displaying a shimmering image of the solid stone gates of Ironforge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After Bryna had cast her first spell, summoning the portal to Darnassus for Carolyn and Elthas, the mage had been beset by travelers seeking a quick escape from this far-flung place. She had named her price with practiced alacrity, and word had apparently spread quickly through the area. Kamery shook her head; she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t realized there were quite so many adventurers in the highlands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna seemed to have exhausted her customer base for now though, so Kamery approached, her eyes searching for the portal to Stormwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Over here,\u8221\'94 Bryna pointed to the correct portal, and Kamery recognized Stormwind\u8217\'92s soaring white stone buildings. It would be good to go home for a while, she realized, even as she knew it likely wouldn\u8217\'92t be for long. Together, the two stepped through the portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the magical kaleidescope of sensations faded, Kamery blinked in the dim light of the interior of Stormwind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Mage Tower. Studying mages looked up at her, taking in her black leather and bandanna-covered face without a hint of surprise. Given how numerous, and how varied, Bryna\u8217\'92s recent customers had been, Kamery supposed that mages the world over must be used to strangers passing through their portal hubs frequently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rogue followed Bryna out of the room and down a short stone ramp. A open doorway at the bottom led outdoors, to a ramp that spiraled down around the outside of the Tower. From the top, it commanded a good view across the purple-tiled rooftops of the Mage District. There were no railings, but Kamery was confident in her sense of balance as she followed the mage down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After one turn around the Tower, Bryna paused at the edge of the ramp. They were still high above the ground, but no longer dangerously so, and an opening in the buildings below seemed to lead to an easy exit from the twisting turns of the district.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jump?\u8221\'94 The mage asked, a twinkle in her eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery judged the distance, and nodded. She knew that she could tumble as she landed to avoid hurting herself, but she was curious about Bryna. At her nod though, the mage lightly stepped off the ramp edge, and began to float slowly towards the ground. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Slow fall, of course,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Kamery thought, as she followed the mage more precipitously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The grassy path took them out of the Mage District as easily as it had promised, and shortly they were crossing into the Trade District. Bryna paused as they approached the trading hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It won\u8217\'92t take long,\u8221\'94 she promised. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s on the way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s longing was palpable, and Kamery wondered how much Bryna had collected to sell herself. Shaw would likely send her off somewhere else immediately, so she nodded. \u8220\'93Quickly,\u8221\'94 she reinforced. The spy-master\u8217\'92s watchers were everywhere, and he likely already knew they had returned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna nodded, entering the large building. The interior of the trading hall was one open space, with a raised dais at the front, where the traders worked from behind podiums. Buyers and sellers filled the room, most crowded around the front dais, clamoring for the traders\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 attention. One benches in the middle of the room, others sat, waiting for a turn, sorting through items to sell, or admiring new purchases. The room was bright and well-lit, but the incessant chatter and sheer number of people overwhelmed Kamery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna made her way through the crowds with practiced ease. Approaching the podiums at the front, she nodded to the middle-aged man standing behind one. Her red hat drew his attention, and he turned to her, his shoulder-length black hair brushing the shoulders of the blue vest that seemed to be the uniform of the trade facilitators.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bryna, welcome back,\u8221\'94 the man greeted her warmly. \u8220\'93What do you have for sale today? Or are you buying?\u8221\'94 he asked slyly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Selling first, Fitch. My business can wait though. First, how\u8217\'92s the market for kingsblood?\u8221\'94 One hand gestured for Kamery to approach with her herb pouch, as she accepted a small ledger from Fitch with the other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Market\u8217\'92s still strong.\u8221\'94 The trader\u8217\'92s eyes widened as he took in the bulging pouch. \u8220\'93Is that all kingsblood?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not all.\u8221\'94 She pulled out the sachet of the herb in question and its pungent aroma drew the attention of several of the other buyers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93kingsblood?\u8221\'94 A nearby paladin in gleaming silver armor asked, approaching. Bryna shooed him away distractedly, her attention still on the ledger, and Fitch frowned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Official channels only,\u8221\'94 the trader chided.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The paladin subsided, but continued to watch them intently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fitch smiled at Kamery. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think we\u8217\'92ll have no trouble moving this. Name your price.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Five gold per twenty,\u8221\'94 Bryna responded, handing back the ledger. Kamery blinked at the speed of the mage\u8217\'92s answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beside them, the interested paladin made a small sound of disappointment, but Bryna fixed him with a firm look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Market price.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fitch took Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s herbs and efficiently separated and counted them. A moment later, he handed her an impressively heavy stack of gold coins. \u8220\'93Selling anything else?\u8221\'94 His voice held a hopeful note.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Overwhelmed by how quickly the process had gone, and by Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cool efficiency, Kamery shook her head. Bryna gave her a reassuring smile as they stepped away from the podium.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It gets easier with practice,\u8221\'94 the mage assured Kamery. She cast a longing glance back at Fitch. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll be alright from here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery laughed; she could navigate the familiar streets of Stormwind far more easily than this trading business. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94 She patted her now-full gold pouch. \u8220\'93Thank you.\u8221\'94 Bryna obviously wanted to stay here, and Kamery realized that she didn\u8217\'92t know when she would see the mage again. \u8220\'93For everything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna smiled and nodded her acknowledgment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been interesting.\u8221\'94 Her eyes shone with something Kamery couldn\u8217\'92t quite identify, but it seemed that Bryna considered \u8216\'91interesting\u8217\'92 a high compliment. \u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t the end.\u8221\'94 The mage seemed quite sure of that.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 What did she and Shaw talk about while I was training, the last time we were here?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Kamery wondered, as her thoughts moved ahead to her upcoming visit to the man. Purpose, and curiosity, quickened her step as she left the trading house, leaving Bryna negotiating with the trader, Fitch.}}