{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Several days later, far to the northeast of Stormwind, Kamery crept silently through the corridors of Angor Fortress. The Dwarven stronghold, now occupied by Dark Iron Dwarves, exhibited the detailed, but heavy, stonework that typified Dwarven architecture. While she objectively knew that the fortress had stood for hundreds of years already, and would likely stand strong for hundreds more, Kamery still couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shake the feeling of being buried alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She missed Stormwind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s soaring white stone buildings; even the air in here felt heavier. She hadn\u8217\'92t been in her home city long on either of her last two visits, she reflected ruefully. Both times, Shaw had almost immediately sent her back out into the field.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first had been a cryptic, but welcome, directive to continue traveling with Carolyn, Elthas, and Bryna. Bryna herself had relayed that instruction, given while Kamery had been learning some new moves from the trainers below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her second, most recent, visit to Stormwind had resulted in her mission here, in the Badlands\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well outside Stormwind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own lands, in the areas once trampled by the Horde in their initial invasion and yet to be reclaimed. Shaw\u8217\'92s quick briefing ran through her head. The Dark Iron Dwarves had summoned an Elemental Lord, Ragnaros, beneath Blackrock Mountain. She was to disrupt the Dark Iron expansion into the Badlands by destroying its overseer, Ragnaros\u8217\'92s minion, Infernus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   Fire elementals were well outside her knowledge, despite Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quick briefing, but there had been something in Shaw\u8217\'92s eyes that steadied her step now. He had trusted in her to accomplish this mission, and she would not let him down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slipping easily past a distracted guard, Kamery turned into a corridor leading deeper into the oppressive fortress. Flickering torches lit the way, adding smoke and heat to the atmosphere. Shaw had been right to be concerned about the growing Dark Iron presence here in the Badlands, so far from their usual home in Blackrock Mountain, much further west.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she crested a ramp leading downwards, a hint of ozone in the air and a faint crackling sound brought her firmly back to the present moment. On the landing below her, a Dark Iron shaman was pacing, surrounded by defensive globes of lightning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery paused at the top of the ramp to assess her options. She could try to slip past him unseen, but she could feel the tingle of the lightning from up here and suspected that she would not be able to maintain her hold on the shadows that hid her if she ventured much closer. The ramp turned back below the landing though, and she could easily drop off of the edge where she was now and land on the lower leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Given the symmetry of the fortress and its defenses so far, she suspected that there was a matching ramp on the other side of her target\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s underground chamber. Of course, it would also have a matching shaman. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 My whole plan is to throw them into disarray by destroying their elemental master. Those shamans will be the first to react, the first to sound the alarm. I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll be able to slip out in the chaos.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her mind made up, Kamery stepped lightly up onto the low wall edging the rail, little more than ankle height, even to Dwarves, and lowered herself quietly to the ramp below. She was almost at her quarry now, and she took a moment to refresh the poisons on her daggers and double check the placement of the potions in their loops on the inside of her belt\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 mostly healing, a couple of others to give her a quick boost of agility or speed, and one to offer protection from flames.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Preparations complete, Kamery glided forwards, along a short hallway and into the fortress\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s main chamber. Once the seat of whatever Dwarven Thane that had once watched over this land, it was now occupied by a massive fire elemental. A massive torso of flame, with a low face and powerful arms, drifted on a base of dark smoke as he moved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Feeling the heat shimmering off the lesser elemental, Kamery considered preemptively using her fire protection potion. However, the potion\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s effects were short-lived, and with only one at her disposal, she hesitated. The recipe had been difficult, and she didn\u8217\'92t want to waste it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Infernus was drifting aimlessly around the chamber, and Kamery chose her moment carefully. As the elemental passed, she struck, her daggers seeming to slide effortlessly through the flame of his body. Shaw had assured her that the enchanted blades would be effective though, as would her poisons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The elemental noticed, certainly, turning to swipe at her with one powerful fist, with a sound somewhere between a roar of rage and a crackling fire. Enchanted bracers on his wrists lent weight to his movement and the force of the blow set Kamery on her heels momentarily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dodging backwards, she flipped her right dagger and threw it in one swift motion. Her now-free hand quickly snatched a bright yellow potion from her belt and she quaffed it. Her muscles instantly felt looser, more responsive, and she lunged back in at the fire elemental.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ducking under his next furious, but poorly aimed swing, she took hold of her dagger, which had somehow lodged in the flame of his left shoulder. With a vicious twist, she pulled the dagger out again, noting with satisfaction that the elemental\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s second roar sounded more pained than angered. The sounds would bring his guards anytime now though, Kamery knew, so she had to finish this quickly and vanish into the shadows again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her daggers flashed again, one high and one low, and Infernus faltered, sinking lower on his pillar of smoke. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t done though, and she felt the impact and heat as his heavy arm swung once more, striking her leg. It was a clumsy blow, but it still staggered her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His fiery eyes flared with satisfaction, but it quickly faded as her daggers once more found their marks. Her poisons were coursing through his body now also, and his flame was flickering and darkening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The end was sudden, taking her by surprise, as the flaming body suddenly erupted in a shower of sparks, then vanished, leaving only the bracers to clatter to the stone floor. Footsteps outside the door alerted Kamery to her continued danger, and she quickly snatched up the bracers, shoving the still-warm bands into her pouch, and melted back into the shadows behind the Thane\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery waited, silent, while the Dark Irons discovered the disappearance of their master, and scattered, searching. Her left thigh ached and her palms were slightly sore from the heated metal. As the Dark Irons left, Kamery slowly, cautiously, pulled a red healing potion from her belt and drank it, noting with satisfaction that she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t needed to use the fire protection potion after all. Healing warmth spread through her body, helping, but not quite healing all of the damage. She missed Carolyn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the sounds of the Dark Irons dispersed into the distance, Kamery knew that she had to leave while they were still in disarray. Moving slowly, she limped to the ramp leading upwards, pleased to see that her earlier assumption had been correct\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the shamans were no longer at their posts. Favoring her injured leg, the rogue slowly made her way out of the fortress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least, she reflected, she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to limp the entire way back to Stormwind. Once she was clear of the scurrying Dark Iron Dwarves, she raised a shiny new silver whistle to her lips and blew. Moments later, her newest companion responded, running up to her with a whinny and a shake of his dark grey mane. Running her hand down his smooth coat, Kamery mounted the black horse and turned his head towards the Dwarven lands to the north.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reveling in the speed, she wondered if her sister had finally been successful in her determined pursuit of a Darnassus moonsaber.}}