{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Far from the lush jungles of Stranglethorn Vale, the foreboding swamps of Dustwallow Marsh surrounded the Human outpost of Theramore. Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s paws made no sound on the cobblestones as he made his way slowly along the road that circled Jaina\u8217\'92s tower. The dominant white stone tower stood in the center of the town. It rose high overhead, dwarfing even the large keep and the two inns that housed most of the population of the small town, in addition to travelers passing through. The buildings were the typical architecture of the Humans, composed of either solid stone or oak beams supporting white-painted walls. Blue-tiled roofs covered all of the buildings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bell rang in the distance, competing with the closer sound of rhythmic hammering from the nearby blacksmith. Elthas\u8217\'92s pace picked up to avoid the acrid scent of heated metal. He could feel the heat of the building from the road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Behind the blacksmith stood the stables, and he slowed again, although the smell of hay tickled his nose, threatening a sneeze. He watched the placid horses thoughtfully, remembering Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tale of her run through the Wetlands the previous year, and the sister\u8217\'92s more recent stories of running messages through the various territories of Stormwind. The Humans should learn to ride horses, he decided, wondering if his panther could even keep up with the creatures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leaving the stables behind, Elthas quickened again as he passed the large domicile of most of the locals. He and his friends had secured rooms at the other inn, on the other side of the town. The heavy stone walls that protected the perimeter of the town opened up beyond, leading to the docks and the open ocean.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He breathed deeply of the salt air, remembering that he had yet to show Carolyn his new form. A shiver of excitement rippled his dark fur as he remembered the sleek form slicing through the water around Teldrassil. Although they had just recently crossed the sea, they had been so distracted in Menethil and again here, he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t thought of it. During the crossing, the ship had been moving too fast, and he would have been left behind if he had entered the water. He was determined to share his new form with the priestess soon though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts turned to Carolyn, as his walk continued between the tower where the priestess was now, and the citadel that housed the town\u8217\'92s protectors. Jaina had transported their captive to her tower, and his Human companions had joined her to question him. Elthas thought that Kamery likely had experience in such matters; Bryna\u8217\'92s quick mind would be sure to identify discrepancies in the man\u8217\'92s words, and the mage wouldn\u8217\'92t have wanted to be left out anyway; and Carolyn could use her Shadow magics to peer into Hendel\u8217\'92s mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas frowned inwardly at that thought, his steps slowing again. He knew that the priestess disliked using the Shadow side of her vocation, preferring the beneficial magic of the Light. He understood; he felt the same way about twisting Nature magic to deal damage, in the way that the destructive sprites did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The clatter of sword blows falling on wood and metal drew his attention to the training yards outside the citadel, and he remembered their fifth companion, the warrior Raynn. They hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seen her since he had left Stormwind, and he wondered briefly what she was doing now. She had said that she was going to Ironforge. His muzzle wrinkled in distaste at the thought of the underground Dwarven city; even the acrid smoke of the Dwarven District of Stormwind had been too much for him. Raynn had seemed comfortable there, but Elthas had trouble even imagining the oppressiveness of a city built within a mountain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thoughts and memories were so distracting that Elthas almost missed the enticing scents coming from the inn. Roasting meats and simmering root vegetables. His mouth watered, anticipating the evening\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s meal, although it was still only midday.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had almost completed his circuit of the town now, as he passed the inn and once more approached the junction of the ring road with the road leading out into the swamp beyond. Yet another place filled with objectionable smells, although at least those were mostly natural. He frowned, hoping they could go somewhere fresher soon. He paid little heed to the soldiers standing guard at either side of the wide gates.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hail, druid,\u8221\'94 a deep voice broke into his thoughts, coming from somewhere well above and just behind him. Elthas turned and looked up to see a sturdy Human in armor sitting atop a large horse. The Human was looking down at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas was momentarily surprised at his nature being recognized so easily, but then remembered that, despite the Human surroundings, they were in Kalimdor. Although some distance from his homeland, other Kaldorei would also travel through this place. Despite his druidic masters\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 attitude of patient indulgence, Elthas knew that he wasn\u8217\'92t the only Kaldorei, or even druid, with a penchant for adventure and exploration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shifting out of form, Elthas approached the Human. On horseback, the soldier was even taller than a Kaldorei, the druid noted with satisfaction, standing tall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Lieutenant Aden,\u8221\'94 the Human introduced himself. \u8220\'93My duty is to guard the gates here, but I have been made aware of disturbing rumors coming from the watchtower to the north.\u8221\'94 He gestured, and Elthas looked over his shoulder to see the top of the tower barely visible over the trees beyond the gates. He and his companions had passed the first tower on their way to apprehend Hendel, and he knew it wasn\u8217\'92t far.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Elthas turned back to him, Aden continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is talk of a recent shipwreck off the shore north of Theramore, and tales of possible survivors wearing red Defias bandannas. If you would be willing, could you aid in investigating these rumors?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas considered the request. The thought of the Defias having a foothold in Kalimdor alarmed him, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to leave his Human friends behind. He nodded, but told the man, \u8220\'93I have friends here also. If you see them, could you tell them where I have gone? Three Human females. A golden-haired priestess, her sister, a rogue wearing all black leather, and a mage wearing a large red hat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the last description, Aden\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes lit up with recognition. \u8220\'93Ah, Lady Hawthorne. I am well acquainted with her from her studies with Lady Proudmoore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas had never heard Bryna referred to as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Lady\u8217\'92 before, but as he doubted there would be many other mages in red hats and in the company of sisters of day-and-night, he nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will inform them if I see them,\u8221\'94 Aden assured the druid. The Human sat so motionless, his gaze fixed on the gate, that Elthas wondered if he would notice them if they did not pass immediately in front of him. The Human was continuing his instructions though, \u8220\'93Seek out Captain Wymor at Sentry Point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reassured and happy to have a task to occupy his time, Elthas turned away from the town and its imposing central tower. He deliberately waited to shift to feline form until had passed the gates, so as not to startle the Lieutenant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mount. The horse had stood placidly enough, but its hooves had looked heavy, with their steel shoes added by the Human blacksmiths\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he would prefer to avoid being kicked by those.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Loping easily along the road, Elthas reveled in the freedom of being back in nature\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even if that nature was damp and decaying. Death was a part of life, he knew, and the swamp had a life of its own. His ears twitched as mosquitoes swarmed him. Perhaps the swamp had too much life of its own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tower at Sentry Point came into sight, and he realized that he would have to shift again to talk to the Humans stationed there. Carolyn usually handled all the talking. He wondered how the interrogation of Private Hendel was progressing.}}