{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna lowered her arm when Kamery spotted her. Thank goodness for the observant rogue. She had been on the verge of taking off her hat to wave it, and then she would have had to tuck her shoulder-length hair back up under it again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mage could smell the smoke in the air from the forges and smelters of the Dwarven District, and suspected that the druid beside her had lost the scent. It was a good thing Kamery and Carolyn had come out when they had. Bryna briefly wondered what business they had had in the Keep. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 So soon after our last \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91business\u8217\'92 there too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery led the sisters over, and Elthas shifted out of form. He had seemed even more energetic than usual, and she suspected it had something to do with his upcoming trip to Darnassus. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Training,\u8221\'94 he had said. She wondered what he would be learning. Wondered if maybe she should venture up to the top of the tower herself soon, to see if there was anything new she could learn. She suspected there would be; she had been away too long.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What brings you two here?\u8221\'94 Carolyn asked. She had a hand in one of the pockets of her robe, and fidgeted nervously, until Kamery gave her a discreet nudge with her elbow. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Curious}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , Bryna thought, watching them from under the brim of her hat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exuberance seemed to deflate a little at the thought of saying goodbye. \u8220\'93I have to return to Darnassus for training.\u8221\'94 He looked apologetic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure, but she thought that Carolyn actually relaxed a little at that, although the priestess\u8217\'92s outward reaction was directed at Elthas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn smiled happily at the druid, as she told him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just learned a new spell myself. I can\u8217\'92t wait to see what you learn!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas grinned happily and nodded enthusiastically. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll come back as soon as I can!\u8221\'94 He glanced over his shoulder at the hazy Dwarven District. \u8220\'93I want to say goodbye to Raynn too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The druid remained in his Kaldorei form as they entered the District. Her nose wrinkling at the pervasive smoke, Bryna couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t blame him. An old memory flashed in her mind as a pair of Gnomes scurried past them, animatedly arguing about their latest engineering creation. She had once pictured the tall Kaldorei amongst the much shorter Gnomes, and the sight lived up to her imagination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the center of the District, the forges and anvils were busy, with blacksmiths and engineers both hammering away at the various bits and pieces for their trades. Their work filled the air with rhythmic clangs and bangs, accompanied by the sizzle of hot metal meeting cooling water. The red brick of the plaza was stained with soot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To one side, Raynn stood, her face covered with a sheen of sweat, and strands of her auburn hair stuck to her cheeks. Her arm flexed, showing off her lean muscles as she swung the heavy hammer, pounding away at a large piece of iron. She noticed them approach, and her movements slowed momentarily. She frowned briefly at the piece of metal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi,\u8221\'94 she greeted them shortly, between swings. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s hot.\u8221\'94 Another swing of the hammer. \u8220\'93Wait a moment?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nodding, they moved to one side, watching as the warrior-smith worked. Her movements were tight and controlled, much like her fighting. A few minutes later, she was either satisfied with the shape of the metal, or it had cooled too much to keep working. Setting it aside, Raynn came over to them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93New breastplate?\u8221\'94 Bryna guessed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded, her eyes reflecting appreciation for the mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s observance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What brings you all here?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93Not another Defias plot?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Out of the corner of her eye, Bryna saw Carolyn flinch, but nobody else seemed to notice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m heading back to Darnassus,\u8221\'94 Elthas answered. \u8220\'93I wanted to say goodbye.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded, her eyes unreadable. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I may be leaving soon myself,\u8221\'94 she told them. With a gesture at the nearly finished breastplate behind her, she explained, \u8220\'93Two more pieces, and I can return to the Grand Masters in Ironforge.\u8221\'94 There was quiet pride in her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s wonderful!\u8221\'94 Carolyn exclaimed. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll miss you all though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking over the group, Bryna saw the same thing that she had when they had first assembled. They were greater than the sum of each part. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll find each other again,\u8221\'94 she proclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn and Elthas nodded immediately, with Kamery joining in after a moment. Raynn took a little longer, but eventually she also nodded. Impulsively, Carolyn stretched her arms out to embrace the others. Elthas joined the gesture from the other side, his long arms engulfing them, and the five stood a moment in silent farewell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sensing the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s growing discomfort, Bryna broke the embrace, turning to Elthas to ask, \u8220\'93Darnassus now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tall Kaldorei nodded, his golden eyes flaring with excitement. Once again, Bryna wondered what new spell had him so excited. She gathered the arcane energies, and a few moments later, the shimmering portal floated into existence, the pink and purple foliage of Teldrassil visible in its center. Elthas shifted to feline form once more, and gracefully leaped through the portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have some business to attend to ourselves,\u8221\'94 Kamery made their excuses, indicating herself and Carolyn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catching Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s longing look back at the forge, Bryna made it quick, adding, \u8220\'93I should get back to the Tower too. I\u8217\'92ll see you all later!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She pulled the arcane energies again, noting at the back of her mind how silly it was to teleport across the city, but also admitting that she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like walking up the ramp to the tower. The lack of railing was disconcerting. As the teleport spell surrounded her in whirling sensations and colors, she saw the twin sisters head back the way they had come, while Raynn returned to her forge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the dizzying sensations faded, Bryna blinked in the sudden dimness of the cool interior of the Tower. The acrid smells of smoke and molten metal were replaced by the dusty scent of ancient parchment and ink. She wrinkled her nose, reminding herself that she was here to find new spells to learn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perusing the shelves, she found herself drawn to her favorite tome, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Teleportation in Azeroth\u8217\'92. She already knew the basic spells, but there had been a few others that she hadn\u8217\'92t been able to decipher the last time she had looked at them. Pulling the slim book down, she curled up in a nearby chair and flipped it open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first few spells were familiar, and she quickly leafed past those. Beyond though, was an intriguing one: Teleport: Theramore. Scanning the spell, Bryna realized that she could indeed learn this one now. She re-read the note neatly penned in the margin of the book, already familiar from previous attempts to read this spell. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Home to Lady Jaina Proudmoore, Arch-mage of the Kirin Tor.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tracing her finger over those words, Bryna felt a thrill run through her. How much could she learn from Lady Proudmoore?!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quickly committing the spell to heart, Bryna put the book back in its place on the shelf, and began pulling the arcane threads around herself again.}}