{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Duck!\u8221\'94 Kamery threw her dagger with easy accuracy, noting with satisfaction that her sister was already moving, bending forward and to the side. The dagger struck true, and the Defias assailant fell almost instantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn glanced down, then looked back at Kamery, wrinkling her nose in distaste. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The eye?\u8221\'94 she questioned. \u8220\'93Did it have to be the eye?\u8221\'94 Straightening, the priestess deliberately ignored the fallen foe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery stared at her sister in bemusement. Carolyn, who had no compunctions whatsoever about cracking an enemy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head open with her heavy staff, was squeamish about eyes. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Who knew?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Behind you!\u8221\'94 Carolyn\u8217\'92s warning snapped Kamery back to the present, and she ducked and twisted to send a would-be ambusher flying over her shoulder instead. Carolyn\u8217\'92s staff landed a heavy blow on the back of the man\u8217\'92s head, and he lay still.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was that the last of them?\u8221\'94 Carolyn asked, looking around the small farmstead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded, double checking the number of the prone Defias thugs around them, and comparing it with her count before they had charged in. Well, until Carolyn had charged in. Kamery shook her head at her sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s enthusiasm for melee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The farm was small, and overgrown now. Dark, bare-branched trees loomed beyond the ramshackle fence that surrounded the small vegetable patch. Wisps of fog drifted between the branches, ever-present in this dank forest. Kamery shivered, thinking of the stories that had come out of this place. Of course, stories didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter, when the more tangible threat of the Defias was here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Defias had driven out the farm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s original inhabitants, or worse, Kamery feared, to use the place as a hideout. It was one of the furthest homesteads from Darkshire, nestled in the shadows of the mountains that separated the forest from the southern lands that Kamery had only heard about in stories. This was the very edge of Stormwind\u8217\'92s territory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Carolyn led the way towards the run-down single-story farmhouse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 probably little more than a single room\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Kamery reflected on how they had come to be here. DeLavey\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s man Jorgen had sent them with a message to Elling Trias, of all people. The cheese master certainly had his hands in all sorts of things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trias had grumbled, as usual, but had directed them here to Duskwood, where they had met with his contact in the Night Watch. Watcher Backus had told them about Defias activity at this farmstead. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I thought my days of running messages were done in Westfall.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Kamery shook her head as the sisters entered the small farmhouse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A single lamp sputtered on a table, casting dim light around the single room. A bed in the far corner was broken, but on the floor near it were four dirty pallets, to match the four bandits they had dispatched outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn looked at the pallets in distaste. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to have to search those,\u8221\'94 she muttered, looking at Kamery. \u8220\'93Is this the sort of thing you usually do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery laughed, nodding, as her eyes continued to scan the room. Dingy wooden walls, unadorned. Open beams on the ceiling, with the thatch above visible between them. The table was bare, save for the lamp. Debris littered the floor, but nothing looked particularly unusual. One of the pallets though, had an intriguing lump in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walking over to the pallet, Kamery kicked the rough wool blanket aside with her foot, revealing an iron lock-box.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re good at this,\u8221\'94 Carolyn acknowledged, and Kamery warmed at the pride in her sister\u8217\'92s voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Picking up the lock-box, she brought it over to the table, setting it down next to the lamp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s locked.\u8221\'94 Carolyn sounded disappointed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery chuckled again, as she pulled out her lock-picks. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is what I do, remember?\u8221\'94 she chided her sister. She deftly twisted the picks in the lock, and it gave a satisfying click. The box opened to reveal a packet of papers inside. She scanned them briefly in the dim light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure what all this means,\u8221\'94 the rogue admitted to her sister, handing over the papers for Carolyn to read also.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The priestess\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow furrowed as she mumbled while reading, \u8220\'93Fist\u8230\'85Plan 2\u8230\'85Menethil\u8230\'85set sail\u8230\'85attack\u8230\'85custody\u8230\'85 Are they planning to kidnap someone on the ship to Darnassus?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyebrow rose. She had forgotten the regular ships that sailed from Menethil Harbor to the Kaldorei home. Of course Carolyn would remember. She looked at her sister with pride. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s possible,\u8221\'94 she agreed. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get these back to Backus, see if he can make any more sense of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn nodded, glancing around the farmhouse with a mix of distaste and sympathy. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wonder what happened to the people who lived here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 she advised, turning to leave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sisters made their way back through the dark forest, returning to the packed dirt and worn cobblestones of the road without incident, despite the near-continuous howling of wolves in the hills around them. Lanterns lit the way back to Darkshire, and reaching the town, they handed the papers they had found over to Watcher Backus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scanning the documents, Backus looked at them with concern. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This looks way too complex to be a red herring,\u8221\'94 he deemed. \u8220\'93Best take these to Trias\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92ll be able to make sense of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Of course he would}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , Kamery mused, wondering again just how much the cheese master was involved in. Thoughts of Trias inevitably brought back memories of the small band she had assembled to take on the Defias before, and she wondered what Bryna, Raynn, and Elthas were doing now.}}