{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A haze of smoky air filled the inn, originating from both the crackling fireplace and the pipes that several of the patrons lazily puffed on. At the bar in one corner, the innkeeper pulled a draft of beer for a waiting customer. Although the common room didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem empty, it was far from full. From a door beside the bar, the enticing aroma of stew drifted out from the inn\u8217\'92s kitchen. Several furniture groupings were arranged about the room; in one corner, Bryna and her newfound companions had found a quiet table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not for the first time, Bryna wondered what she had gotten herself into. With studied nonchalance, she looked over the assembled group from beneath the brim of her hat. Now complete, with Raynn joining them, they were deep in planning, but she only half-listened. A mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s role in group combat was fairly straightforward, and Bryna found it much more interesting to know her companions. Mismatched armor and torn robes were not good harbingers for the upcoming venture, but below the ill-fitting and battered gear, there were signs of something else. Despite their varied backgrounds, their conversation flowed easily, and her heart felt lighter as she casually perused the group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn and Kamery shared a face, but seemingly nothing else. The blonde-haired priestess looked around herself with wide, open eyes, and a peaceful smile. She seemed relaxed, and ready to follow her sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lead. The rogue, on the other hand, was all narrowed eyes and focus. Her attention was currently on the sketch on the table, which depicted her previous foray into the Deadmines. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery calmly and quietly described her infiltration of the upper levels of the underground base, pointing to several key spots and noting, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It looked like overturned mine carts used as barricades.\u8221\'94 Bryna allowed herself a faint smile at the rogue\u8217\'92s prowess.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, looking solid and dependable in a mix of plate and mail armor, was also studying the map. When Bryna, Carolyn, and Elthas had arrived, after the introductions, Kamery had spoken well of the soon-to-arrive warrior and her combat ability. It would be a refreshing change, Bryna thought, to have someone else take the attention of her enemies, so she might focus her magic on offense, not having to slow or trap them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warrior was listening intently, and she bent over the map to point out a strategic choke point. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could we draw them here? Rather than face them out in the open.\u8221\'94 Raynn\u8217\'92s suggestion seemed solid, but there was an undercurrent of uncertainty in her attitude. Bryna wondered it was due to a lack of confidence, but decided it was more likely simply inexperience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention was on the planning, every now and then, her eyes would dart suspiciously over at Kamery, leaving Bryna intrigued. She didn\u8217\'92t think the rogue had noticed, but it left her wondering at the unspoken history between the two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas sat next to the enigmatic warrior, having chosen to forgo his feline form for reasons yet unknown to Bryna. His dark blue hair hung over the druidic runes tattooed on his shoulders as he hunched forward in the cramped chair, carefully studying the details of the map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mage felt a pang of empathy, remembering how out of place she had felt during her visit to Tinkertown, home to the Gnomes. The race, known for their engineering brilliance and, more pertinent to her, their adept use of magic, were also notably among the smallest in stature. Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips twitched in amusement at the mental image of the towering Kaldorei amidst the diminutive Gnomes. Remembering the druid\u8217\'92s energetic bounds as an agile panther, she suspected that he would be much happier when he returned to feline form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finishing her survey of the others, Bryna allowed herself a quick moment of self-evaluation. A versatile mage, she could wreathe her foes in fire, chill their blood with ice, or devastate them with pure arcane energy. She was still young though, still learning to fully tap into the potential Jennea had seen in her four years ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her abilities were enhanced by the enchantments of power that she had woven into her clothing and staff. Their illusion enchantments often helped lull her enemies into underestimating her. Surprise, she had learned, was a mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s best tool.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where she failed, she knew, was in attentiveness, especially in her studies. She was often restless, and flitted from subject to subject, without truly mastering any. Even now, she admitted, she was relying on the others to properly prepare for their venture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she watched Kamery trace a line on the map and Raynn nod attentively, Bryna decided that she was in good hands. Hopefully she would be able to put her escape spells to the back of her mind on this escapade.}}