{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Kamery disappeared from sight, Mathias Shaw stopped abruptly on his walk to his desk. Spinning on his heel, headed towards the stairs himself, sweeping up a nondescript brown cloak from its hook on the wall along the way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Throwing the cloak around his shoulders, he left the SI:7 headquarters by a side exit, slipping unseen through a side alley to emerge near the entrance to the Keep. The imposing white castle rose up over the city, commanding views that Shaw often envied from his third-floor office. Turrets and ramparts overlooked all possible angles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pausing for a moment, he studied the alert guards at the entrance to the Keep. In this peaceful time, they wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop, or even question, visitors to the Keep. He wondered if they had taken note of the warrior who must have recently passed this way. Mentally tallying the time he had spoken with Kamery, and balancing that with the warrior\u8217\'92s purposeful stride and what he knew of Lady Prestor, he decided that she must have already come and gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His disappointment was short-lived though, as a small figure emerged from the Keep, walking confidently down the white marble steps to the main gate. Neat, well-made clothes, blond hair, and the self-assurance of a Prince. Shaw frowned. What on earth was Anduin doing leaving the Keep?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The guards stiffened, recognizing the Prince. They looked as though they would stop him, or accompany him. With a nonchalant wave of his hand, Anduin bade them stay at their posts. Obedient to a fault, the men relaxed back into their usual watchful posture as the young Prince strolled between them and out into the city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw watched, momentarily dumbfounded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once out of sight of the guards, the Prince did falter slightly, looking around himself in disorientation. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice Shaw, still in the shadows of the alley. A moment later though, he spotted something, and brightened up. His pace picked up and he made his way along the canal-side pathway towards the entrance to the Dwarven District.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Following the Prince\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention, Shaw noticed a familiar figure. She walked tall, with a confident stride, and an unmistakable tail of auburn hair swinging down her back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Starting to put the pieces together, Shaw left his refuge. The guards payed him no attention as he crossed in front of the Keep entrance. Anduin didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice him either, he noted with a frown, as he approached the Prince from behind. Sweeping off his cloak, he laid it around the boy\u8217\'92s shoulders and head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin started as a mass of cloth enveloped him suddenly, his heart pounding even harder. It had been an easy matter to slip away while Lady Prestor and Lord Fordragon had been arguing over the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s missive. The Nobles paid him no attention, unless they wanted something from the throne, and even then, they mostly spoke to Lady Prestor. The guards in the Keep were well-trained to obey him. He felt a little guilty at using that obedience to actually leave the Keep\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something he had never done before. He had rarely been out in the city, and the experience had his heart pounding and his hands cold. The rhythmic banging and clanking from the nearby Dwarven District seemed to echo his heartbeat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was determined to learn more about this intriguing warrior though. She had knelt, not out of subservience, he knew, but simply so that she could look him in the eye. His heart swelled at the memory. Ever since his father had disappeared, everyone had just talked over his head, even as he wore the crown. He had had the sense to leave the crown behind for this venture, he was reminded, as folds of brown cloth fell over his head and shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pushing the folds of rough cloth aside, Anduin looked up with a mixture of annoyance and fear. He was the Prince, or King; he sometimes wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure. But he was also outside of the Keep, and he hadn\u8217\'92t even heard anyone approach him. A familiar face was looking down at him though, and relief flowed through him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw watched the boy in amusement for a moment. Frightened, good. But also indignant and imperious, especially now that he recognized his assailant. Helping the boy straighten the cloak, he advised, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Best to keep a low profile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders slumped slightly at the reprimand and he nodded. His gaze returned to the path ahead of them, and Shaw followed his gaze to see that Raynn had disappeared. Knowing that the warrior was also a budding blacksmith, Shaw suspected that she had turned into the Dwarven District to return to the forge. Curious what about her had driven Anduin to leave the Keep, he asked the boy, \u8220\'93What is your interest in her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin looked down at his left hand, his face contemplative. Shaw waited while Anduin searched for words, studying the young Prince. While business occasionally brought the spy-master to the Keep, and he and the boy knew each other on sight, they had rarely exchanged more than pleasant greetings. This particular venture showed some of the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s character. Eventually the Prince frowned, shrugged, and answered simply, \u8220\'93She looked at me.\u8221\'94 His voice held notes of gratitude and surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Confused, Shaw blinked, momentarily at a loss for words himself. He was willing to use any source for information, even the Prince himself, but he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure what to make of this particular piece of the puzzle. What had started as idle curiosity at her unusual style while watching her practice in the yard below his office had turned into a full-blow mystery. One that had so far had spanned from Lordaeron all the way to Kalimdor, from Dwarves to as-yet-unidentified influences, and now it had touched on the heart of Stormwind. Shaw\u8217\'92s curiosity deepened, and he wondered if he would ever reach the bottom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin looked up at the spy-master hopefully. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you know about her?\u8221\'94 he asked.}}