{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn blinked, absorbing the statement. She had always suspected that Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work sometimes crossed to the wrong side of the law, but being faced with the bold statement had her mind reeling. Trias had been so calm about it too. Glancing about, she took in the reactions of the rest of the group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery, of course, looked unbothered, her eyes calm over the top of her black bandanna. Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was still hard, as it had been since the Stockades. Carolyn suspected that the warrior would gladly kill the entire House of Nobles if they seemed connected to Thedd. She suppressed a sigh; there was more going on there that any of them knew. Bryna, to Carolyn\u8217\'92s surprise, was also nodding in agreement. Elthas, like her, was watching the others, and seeing their agreement, his fur rippled in what amounted to a feline shrug. She knew that the druid\u8217\'92s sense of morality was anchored more in the natural world, with an innate acceptance of predators and prey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deciding that she would much prefer to be predator this time, Carolyn also nodded. At their agreement, Trias gave them directions how to find Tyrion, within the gardens of the Keep itself. Her stomach gave a little flip at that thought. Stormwind Keep loomed over the eastern end of the city, gleaming white and ornate, even more impressive than the city itself. She had glimpsed it a few times in her youth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had passed right by its front gates last year, heading to the Deeprun Tram, en route to Darnassus. She had never dreamed of actually entering the marble halls though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trias shooed them out of his shop in short order; now that he had done his part, he returned to the role of simple cheese merchant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once back in the bustling streets, Raynn took the lead, guiding them back down the same side street that she and Kamery had arrived from earlier. The warrior was familiar with the city, more so than Carolyn herself, although Carolyn had grown up in Elwynn Forest, just outside the gates. Reaching the canal, they crossed a bridge to Old Town, and Raynn turned right, continuing along the edge of the waterway that surrounded the district.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn found herself at the back of the group, as Kamery and Raynn led the way with firm purpose, and Bryna kept up with the easy strides of one familiar with the route. Elthas dropped back beside her, shifting out of feline form to walk with her. Curious, Carolyn glanced up at the tall Kaldorei. She rarely saw him out of form, and among the Humans of Stormwind, he was an impressive sight. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The druid was tall and muscular, with waist-length dark blue hair, and the long pointed ears of his kind. He wore leather leggings and a vest that was cut deep and sleeveless, showing off the druidic tattoos that wrapped around his torso and arms. His feline form also had tattoos dyed into its fur at the shoulders, but those on the Kaldorei were much more intricate and extensive. His face was long, with deeply chiseled features and a strong aquiline nose. Familiar eyes looked down at her though, glowing with the inherent magic of his people, and now, sparkling with amusement at her perusal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn smiled at him, trying to convey all of her friendship and gratitude. Elthas nodded solemnly in understanding. They walked quietly for a moment, until his personality got the better of him. Older than she by several decades, he was still young by his people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s standards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have to learn the priest version soon,\u8221\'94 he said, referring to the resurrection spell. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m very curious!\u8221\'94 He gave her a grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn laughed, and nodded her agreement, but warned him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t be able to cast it in combat, you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas shrugged, undeterred, and retorted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll just have to thump my vanquisher with your staff first, then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaking her head in amused resignation, Carolyn realized that they had reached the end of the canal, where the entrance to the Keep was located. Guards flanked the opening, but in these times of peace, they barely glanced at the visitors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn led them easily through the marble hallways, her step still swift and purposeful, barely giving Carolyn time to admire the paintings hung along the walls. As they emerged into a garden courtyard, cool, fresh air greeted them, carrying a light floral scent. A promenade ringed the area, surrounding a low raised platform. Atop the platform grew a modest square of neatly tended grass, with several shrubs around the edges. Across from them, arched openings between marble pillars offered views of the hills in the distance, bathed in afternoon sunlight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been here before?\u8221\'94 Kamery couldn\u8217\'92t quite keep the surprise out of her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded, with a wry smile. She pointed to a doorway in the wall to their right as she answered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They have a decent library here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amused, Carolyn watched Kamery blink in surprise. The warrior had obviously learned the history of the Stonemasons from books written for the House of Nobles, which she likely would have found here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want what?!\u8221\'94 Bryna\u8217\'92s scandalized voice from nearby drew her attention. The mage hadn\u8217\'92t forgotten their mission, and was already talking to their contact, a middle-aged Gnome sitting on one of the marble benches at the edge of the promenade, across from the library entrance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Intrigued Carolyn approached the pair. Bryna gave her a disbelieving look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He wants three bolts of silk!\u8221\'94 The indignant mage exclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep your voice down. We don\u8217\'92t need to attract attention,\u8221\'94 Tyrion chastised. He added, \u8220\'93And two apples. Don\u8217\'92t forget the apples.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn shook her head to clear the confusion, but it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help. \u8220\'93Silk and apples?\u8221\'94 she questioned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 the Gnome nodded emphatically. \u8220\'93Trias has pushed the timetable up here. We can do that, but my preparations are not ready yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn considered her meager supplies. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could maybe put together one bolt,\u8221\'94 she offered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna waved her hand dismissively. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll get the silk.\u8221\'94 She seemed to have adjusted to the request.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have apples,\u8221\'94 Elthas offered. He had returned to feline form as they had entered the Keep, and his voice made the Gnome startle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn caught a smirk on Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, as the mage disappeared in a teleportation spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94 Raynn questioned. She and Kamery had apparently been distracted by their continuing conversation about the library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tyrion answered, filling in the details that Trias had omitted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been watching Lescovar for a couple of weeks now. Trias has never trusted him, but we didn\u8217\'92t suspect he was involved in anything to do with the Defias Brotherhood. We were following leads that tied him to the Twilight\u8217\'92s Hammer. Either way, he\u8217\'92s become more dangerous than this city can deal with, and that\u8217\'92s where we come in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery looked around the courtyard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Even if we get him out here, what about the guards?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, I have a plan, once you provide the finishing touches,\u8221\'94 the Gnome assured them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment later, Bryna returned, silently handing the Gnome an armload of silk cloth with a suspicious look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His hands busied themselves, wrapping the silk around an inert mechanical construct that stood beside him, twisting and folding the fine fabric in a pattern that only he seemed to understand. As he worked, he outlined the plan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After I put on Spybot\u8217\'92s\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his hands indicated the construct\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93disguise, he\u8217\'92ll head in to talk to Lescovar. The guards should let him pass no problem. Trias will have gotten word to Marzon that it is time to meet with Lescovar again, and fed him some false information. Apples!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Startled by the sudden barked order, Elthas nonetheless handed over two apples from his pack, and Tyrion continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lescovar will dismiss his guards and wait for Marzon out here in the garden. After you catch wind of talk about the Defias, make your move. You need to kill them both before the guards return!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was tucking the apples into the silk in a way that made Carolyn blink several times in disbelief. Glancing at Bryna, she noticed that the other tailor had turned away, and was studiously ignoring the Gnome\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s handiwork.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When you\u8217\'92re done,\u8221\'94 Tyrion concluded, \u8220\'93speak to Trias. I\u8217\'92m doing the hard part here, but I\u8217\'92ll be gone when you do the dirty work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a final flourish, Tyrion finished his work and stepped back. The mechanical Spybot whirred to life, moving jerkily. Carolyn wondered how the awkward-looking thing was going to get past anyone, let alone the stoic guards of Stormwind Keep, when it suddenly spun about and transformed into a beautiful woman in elaborate silk robes. Bryna whistled low in appreciation of the illusion magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tyrion gave the mage a smug smirk as he packed up his remaining materials\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 including, Carolyn noticed, at least a bolt\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worth of silk cloth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn started forward, as the Spybot approached the guards, but Kamery pulled the warrior back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay out of sight,\u8221\'94 the rogue whispered, gesturing to the thick bushes that edged the garden. Carolyn joined the others in the shadows of the bushes, peering through the tangled branches to see the Spybot pass the guards easily and enter the library, where Lescovar awaited. She felt a thrill at the covertness as Lescovar emerged and dismissed all of the guards. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Is this how Kamery always feels?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  she wondered, understanding her sister a little better.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another man entered the courtyard from the Keep a few moments later, and approached the Lord. As the assassin told Lescovar that he had heard rumors of SI:7 snooping about, Carolyn realized that Kamery and Elthas were no longer with them. Knowing that if she so much as twitched, the two in the courtyard would spot her, she decided that she had a long way to go to truly understand her sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this?!\u8221\'94 Lescovar shouted, as Raynn surged forwards out of hiding. Carolyn realized that the conversation had ended, and Marzon was leaving. They couldn\u8217\'92t let him escape! She leaped forwards with her staff ready, but Bryna was even quicker, teleporting past her in a blink. With a flick of her hands out to her sides, the mage cast a ring of frost that anchored the assassin\u8217\'92s feet to the marble floor. With a snarl, Marzon slashed out at Bryna with his daggers, but she danced away out of range, smirking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Settling into her role as healer, Carolyn assessed the situation. In the middle of the grassy courtyard, Raynn was skillfully parrying and blocking Lescovar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clumsy attacks, his sword clashing against her sword and shield, even as she glanced over her shoulder to ascertain the assassin\u8217\'92s position. Kamery and Elthas were also attacking the nobleman. Marzon was temporarily frozen in place on the promenade, but he had reversed the dagger in his right hand, raising his arm for a throw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn was faster, her shield spell shimmering around Bryna an instant before the dagger struck at the mage. A second later, a frosty shield rose up, joining the holy one. Assured that Bryna was safe for the moment, Carolyn turned her attention to Raynn, putting a slow-acting healing spell on the warrior with a whispered word. Although Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shield was blocking most of the damage, the spell would renew her strength without Carolyn needing to focus for long. She had learned the quick spell from the Kaldorei; it was similar in effect to Elthas\u8217\'92s healing spells, but drawing from the Light rather than nature. Carolyn found it a useful part of her arsenal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a well-considered move to the other side of the grassy area, Bryna had put Raynn between her and the angry assassin. The warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet moved deliberately, drawing Lescovar with her to engage Marzon in combat also. Distracted by the more immediate threat, the assassin gave up his attack on Bryna.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Impressed, Carolyn watched as the warrior skillfully maneuvered the fight at the edge of the garden. Now two opponents who had originally been on opposite sides of her were now both in front of her, where she could use her sword and shield to block their blows. Her shield was a solid bulwark, absorbing most of the damage, and she dodged and parried easily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sword flashed out in a twisting move, and Marzon\u8217\'92s remaining dagger clattered to the marble floor of the surrounding walkway. He was unarmed, but Bryna\u8217\'92s frost-bolts continued to pelt him until he fell, unmoving. Glancing over, Carolyn saw the mage\u8217\'92s face set in determination as cold as her spells. She reminded herself that the man had been an assassin, and working for the Defias.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seeing his hired thug fall, Lescovar faltered. Kamery was equally ruthless though, her daggers finding a weakness, and he also fell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn cast a group healing spell, to take care of any small injuries and battle fatigue. It had been an easy fight, she reflected. The five of them worked together well.}}