{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, in Jaina\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office at the top of Theramore\u8217\'92s central tower, Carolyn gritted her teeth, steadying the tendrils of magic rising within her. She was vaguely aware of Kamery watching her with concern, but her focus was on the recalcitrant Private Hendel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man had resisted all of their attempts so far. Jaina had promised leniency, appealed to the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s honor, and finally, she and Kamery had threatened violence. He had resolutely remained silent, telling them only that nothing they did would be worse than what he would face if he revealed anything. He hadn\u8217\'92t known about Carolyn though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He would reveal everything now, whether he wanted to or not. He watched her as she approached, and she realized that at this moment, she felt more trepidation than he did\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her mainly white robes and golden hair were a better reflection of her usual affinity for holy magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But holy magic wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the only side of the Light that priests were trained in. The clerics of Northshire had been insistent in that and, knowing their experiences in the Wars, their novices listened closely. Darkness had value too, and those who drew on the Light could also draw on Shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Focusing those Shadows now, Carolyn reached out into Hendel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. Too late, the marine realized what was happening. He began to recoil, then stiffened, his mind under her control.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell us everything,\u8221\'94 Jaina commanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Slim got me on the roster for the King\u8217\'92s ship.\u8221\'94 Hendel spoke woodenly, his eyes staring blankly ahead. Carolyn suppressed a wince. \u8220\'93They gave me a device, said it would cause a distraction. When we got near Theramore, I set it off. It blew up, and they came up in rowboats. There was fog all around then, couldn\u8217\'92t see nothing. They got me on one of the boats, and took me to shore. I went back to duty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened to the King?\u8221\'94 Jaina asked coldly. She obviously did not share Carolyn\u8217\'92s distaste for their methods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t see,\u8221\'94 Hendel responded. Carolyn could feel him fighting the spell, but he was speaking truthfully. She faintly nodded her confirmation at Jaina\u8217\'92s questioning glance, hoping the Lady would end it soon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina seemed to see the tension in Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face then, and her voice softened as she addressed the priestess. \u8220\'93Release him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With relief, Carolyn pulled the Shadows from Hendel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind, pushing them back from her own mind as well. She felt a rush of gratitude as Kamery\u8217\'92s hand took hers reassuringly, and a tinge of surprise as Bryna\u8217\'92s hand also landed on her shoulder to give a small squeeze. Part of her wanted to apologize to the man for the invasion, but the knowledge of what he had willingly done won out and she turned away wordlessly.}}