{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, the manufacturing room below was clear, save for Argelmach and his golems, and Raynn indicated that they should proceed. While another hallway led out of the room to the right, it was the small room directly across from them that held their current target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The workers here had been crafting golems from the dark iron that was prevalent in this mountain. Raynn had found a few loose pieces of the ore, but she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if she would be able to do anything with it. It didn\u8217\'92t look like anything she had worked before, but it had been interesting enough to tuck away in her bags.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they crossed the room now, she studied their next foes. The Dark Iron Dwarf was almost as tall as she was, and his two golem guardians were twice as tall. They looked more dangerous than the unfinished golems that they had fought already. She was certain she could hold their attention though, if the others gave her a moment, but she worried that their magical attacks would be too much for Carolyn to keep up with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me draw one away,\u8221\'94 Broll growled from her side. He was in his bear form already; he hadn\u8217\'92t left it since they had entered the garrison. Raynn glanced at Carolyn for confirmation, and the priestess nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, take the left golem.\u8221\'94 She barely had time for the direction before Argelmach noticed them. Raynn met his angry charge head on, slamming her shield into the Dark Iron Dwarf\u8217\'92s chest. Her sword swung to the side, twisting into the golem\u8217\'92s hip joint. She felt something give way, as she drew the sword free to parry the golem\u8217\'92s swing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To her left, she heard Broll\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s growl as he kept the other golem occupied. Sidestepping to survey the battlefield, she noted with satisfaction that Bryna, Elthas, and Kamery were all focused on the golem that was attacking her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian also seemed to be dealing most of his damage to that one, although his wild blows struck all three of their foes. Once again, his fighting style reminded her of Grom Hellscream. She wondered what the Human king would think of the comparison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was effective though, and the golem stumbled and froze as their combined attacks damaged its mechanisms. The second golem was next, although Argelmach grew more and more agitated as his creations were demolished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blocking a heavy blow with her shield, Raynn felt her arm buckle under the assault. She stumbled backwards, trying to regroup. His next blow, she caught on her raised sword. A welcome surge of healing warmth flooded through her, and she cast Carolyn a grateful glance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite the damage he was taking from her allies, Argelmach was relentless. Another heavy blow swung at her, and Raynn set herself, bracing her shield with both arms. Again, the blow sent pain shuddering through her, but this time her feet remained solidly planted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually, the Golem Lord flagged, his wounds too much for him. Exhausted, Raynn lowered her shield, dragging in deep breaths. Another surge of holy power bathed her in healing. Elthas shifted out of feline form behind the fallen forms of their opponents, and she felt the slow rejuvenation of his nature-driven healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smiling her appreciation, she stood back to allow Kamery to search for Windsor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s notes. A heavy hand on Raynn\u8217\'92s shoulder startled her, and she looked up to see Varian looking at her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well fought,\u8221\'94 the King said, his voice also reflecting the exertion of the recent battle. \u8220\'93You use that shield well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remembering Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s earlier words to him, Raynn smiled. \u8220\'93Perhaps you should try one too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian laughed, a clear, deep sound, and moved away to see if Kamery had found anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A rest seemed like a good idea, so Raynn joined Carolyn and Bryna on the benches at the side of the room. As she sat, papers on the bench beside her caught her eye. Picking them up, she realized that they were diagrams and notes on making armor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 from dark iron.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dwarven runes down the side of the paper noted that such armor would be highly resistant to flame. Thinking of the flame-guard elementals that pervaded this place, Raynn tucked the plans into her bag with the chunks of dark iron ore. She needed to learn how to craft with the material.}}