{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Giving the confused turtle a confirming glance, Bryna followed Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lead into the garrison, making sure that the heavy iron door closed behind them. Within, the rough-hewn stone of the outer tunnels gave way to smoothly crafted stonework. Braziers of glowing embers lit the room, filling it with a pungent smoke. Beneath a ramp sloping to the upper level, one wall of the garrison contained bunks for the guardsmen stationed there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Through the wide, narrow window, they could see the massive open gate that Elthas had described, creating an insurmountable gap in the upper passageway that they needed to cross. However, Raynn nonchalantly activated a mechanism in the middle of the room, setting it to close. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 It appears she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s picked up a few things from the Gnomes during all those years spent in Ironforge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Following the others up the ramp, Bryna watched Varian with keen interest, trying to reconcile this furious, almost feral, warrior with her image of the once-noble King of Stormwind. Crowned at a young age after the Second War, Varian had often relied on his generals and advisors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had been angered at Stonemasons when their rioting had caused Queen Tiffin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s death, but nothing had hinted at the primal fighter she now witnessed. Gossip at her parents\u8217\'92 shop had painted a different Varian\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one marked by deep depression, lost vitality, and diminished passion after the Queen\u8217\'92s demise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Varian in front of her now, however, emanated passion as he ferociously battled the Iron Dwarves. Even the minor fire elementals patrolling the garrison were no match. Bryna frowned as yet another foe fell before she could finish casting her frost-bolt spell. With Varian, Broll, Kamery, and Elthas all executing swift melee strikes, she was rarely able to land her slow-casting magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they crossed into the western side of the garrison, the resistance grew stronger. They were closing in on their quarry now, and the generals were well-guarded. Greater fire elementals stood with every group of guards, and Bryna gleefully focused her frost magic on them. As the icy magic pelted the elementals with devastating effect, she smiled in grim satisfaction, pleased to be contributing to their progress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like its counterpart on the eastern side of the great gate, the main upper room of the western garrison was a large room for sleeping and relaxation. Bunks lined the walls, while groupings of tables and chairs filled the far side of the room. Ramps led downwards to two sides.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pausing at the top of a ramp leading down to a room mirroring the gate mechanism room, they spotted their first target, General Angerforge. The sturdy Dark Iron Dwarf was deep in conversation with five underlings, so Bryna hoped they would take a moment to strategize. Her hopes were dashed by the hotheaded warriors though. Both Raynn and Varian charged down the ramp, with Broll not far behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Carolyn muttered a curse beside her, the two spell-casters followed, stopping halfway down the ramp. Kamery and Elthas had slipped into the shadows for the moment, but as the battle was joined, both ambushed the same Dark Iron advisor, and he fell quickly under the combined assault.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn had the attention of Angerforge and two of his advisors. While Broll had drawn one of the others to one side, Varian had the attention of the other. Kamery, Elthas, and Bryna turned their attention to Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s opponent with wordless agreement. They all knew that Carolyn would be hard-pressed to heal three at once, and that Varian\u8217\'92s aggressive style was by far the hardest on the priestess.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the Dark Iron advisor fell, Bryna glanced at Carolyn. The priestess\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was set in familiar determination. Her spell-casting was almost non-stop. Bryna suppressed a chuckle as she imagined Carolyn\u8217\'92s displeasure with not being free to join the melee as she liked. Surveying the scene below, she saw that Broll\u8217\'92s target was flagging under the fresh assault from Kamery and Elthas. Varian had turned on Angerforge now, although some of his swings also struck the other two advisors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, Raynn was easily blocking and parrying most of the blows aimed her way, while also landing enough hits to keep her enemies attention on her. One of the advisors was trying to circle around, to flank the warrior. Focusing on that Dark Iron, Bryna muttered a spell, and he gave a small squawk as he was turned into a duck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunately, the spell didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t last long. It was fragile, and Varian\u8217\'92s wild blows broke the enchantment. With a sigh, Bryna resumed her frosty assault. It wasn\u8217\'92t long until Broll, Kamery, and Elthas joined the main fray, and shortly afterwards, Angerforge and the remaining advisors fell.}}