{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had taken a wrong turn somewhere, Elthas realized, as the deep canyon led him and Carolyn out into a wide salt flat. Perhaps they should have consulted a map before they had left, but he had been too eager to get away from the judgmental looks. It was too late now. They had been getting increasing more lost over the past week, since leaving Feathermoon Island.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Feralas had been wonderfully wild. Ancient trees had soared overhead, their leaves filtering the sunlight without blocking it. Cheerful chirping had told the story of birds occupying the high branches, while distant roars and growls had spoken of the wildlife below. The forest floor had been covered with lush grass and ferns, and moss-covered rocks had abounded. Exotic flowers had filled their air with their fragrances. A well-maintained road had led eastwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had roamed off the road a few times, exploring the lush forest. However, after encounters with angry Ogres and Quel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92dorei ghosts, they had decided to stay on the well-cobbled path for the rest of the journey eastward. Until, of course, it led directly into a Tauren village\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which did explain who was responsible for the upkeep of the road. The Tauren, members of the Horde, had been decidedly unfriendly, prompting a swift retreat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consequently, Elthas and Carolyn had skirted wide to the south of the village, through the wilds. Before they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d had a chance to turn north to find the road again, the forest had abruptly ended and they had emerged into the deep, pinnacle-filled canyon of Thousand Needles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although the canyon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s presence along their route, beyond the forest, had been expected, the change in terrain had been startling. The rust-colored sandstone had stretched before them, a stark contrast with the verdant forest. Camping at the edge of the forest for one last night, they had briefly discussed lingering there for a while. However, neither of them was comfortable so close to the Tauren village, so they had continued on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sun burning overhead had helped to guide them roughly eastward. The canyon floor had been filled with towering sandstone mesas, which had cast wide shadows and caused constant detours in their path. They had tried their best to keep a straight line, but somehow, they had never found the road again. The striations in the rocky outcroppings had been interesting, showing layer upon layer of history, but life on the canyon floor had been limited to a few dry bushes, lazy lizards, and large insects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, standing at the edge of the deep canyon, they faced a vast white plain that stretched into the distance to the south and east. The late morning sun beat down on the parched surface, with no shade in sight. Although they had filled their waterskins from Feralas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sparkling streams, they had consumed most of it while crossing the dry ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The road!\u8221\'94 Carolyn\u8217\'92s voice cracked slightly, but she was smiling as she pointed to the north. A winding track emerged from the canyon on the far side of the last pillar. She lifted her waterskin, but after a glance at the salt flat, she took only a small sip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas shifted out form to respond. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve missed the turn to the Barrens then.\u8221\'94 He stretched his shoulders as he considered their options. His knowledge of the southern reaches of Kalimdor was hazy, but he did know that they would need to cross the vast central plains to reach Theramore. Deserts and salt flats lay too far south. Of course, Theramore had only been an idea. The Human city was only halfway down the eastern coast of the continent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was an entire other half to explore!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brows crinkling, Carolyn stared distractedly across the salt flat. From her vantage point on her moonsaber\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back, she could see further than he had been able to in cheetah form. He followed her gaze. In the distance, a dark hazy shape shimmered in the heat, and the beaten track seemed to lead directly to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glancing at his friend, Elthas knew what the priestess was thinking. Carolyn was stubborn; she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to turn back and retrace their steps. He shifted to feline form, nimbly leaping up onto the sloping base of the stone pillar that they stood beneath. Small rocks clattered as his paws dislodged them, but he kept his balance. From the new vantage point, he could make out an jumbled assortment of buildings. Sunlight glinted off metal, as something sped past the buildings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leaping down, he returned to Kaldorei form once more. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It looks like a settlement of some sort. There was movement.\u8221\'94 A memory surfaced. \u8220\'93I think the Steamwheedle Goblins have a town somewhere in southern Kalimdor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He tried to keep his voice matter-of-fact, but he could tell that she sensed his intrigue. Exploring new places with maps was fun; exploring without maps was exhilarating. The amused sparkle in her eyes told him that he had failed, but that she shared his opinion. With one more sparing sip of water, they started out, angling to meet the road.}}