{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back in Gadgetzan, Raynn reflected that it was good to have friends. Her brief reunion with Jaina had reminded her of that, and spending time with Bryna again had only reinforced it. Their group of five had complemented each other so well, in combat certainly, but also in other ways. She hoped that she could find a way to keep that camaraderie without having to delve too deeply into her past.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Easily picking up the three plates of sizzling chops, Raynn turned to return to her friends. The bright sunlight from the doorway momentarily dimmed, darkened by someone entering the inn. Surprised, she glanced up; she had thought that she and Bryna were the only visitors in town, along with Carolyn and Elthas now, of course.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was indeed Bryna, unexpectedly early. There was an unusually pensive look in the mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dark eyes, but she turned to Dirge as she entered. \u8220\'93Clams please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a good-natured grumble, the Goblin returned to work, tossing clams into a pot of boiling water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bryna! It\u8217\'92s good to see you.\u8221\'94 Carolyn smiled at the mage. Her voice was happy, but it also held a hint of concern. \u8220\'93How have you been?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn set the plates of chops down on the table in front of the three, as Bryna gave a wan smile and sat down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been an interesting\u8230\'85morning,\u8221\'94 Bryna said. Turning to Raynn, she asked, \u8220\'93Will you be working on your breastplate this afternoon?\u8221\'94 At Raynn\u8217\'92s mystified nod, the mage smiled. \u8220\'93I think I\u8217\'92ll watch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn chuckled, but her eyes crinkled with concern. Bryna had watched her work for less than an hour their second day here, before declaring the work too repetitive. The mage had quickly exhausted Gadgetzan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s supply of cheap trinkets to practice her enchantment on, but she had seemed satisfied with her progress and had turned to exploring their surroundings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know how Kamery is?\u8221\'94 Elthas asked the mage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We sold the kingsblood first, then she returned to SI:7. I haven\u8217\'92t seen her since.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mention of the spy organization made Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart tighten, but she pushed the feeling aside as they ate and continue to catch up. She would find a way to make this work, prying rogues or not.}}