{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The small band led by Varian approached the gates of Stormwind. Raynn looked up at the soaring arches of white stone, impressed as always by the architecture of the sprawling city. From the solid walls rising high overhead to the deep water filling the valley approach, the city was well-defended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wide bridge crossed the lake, lined along both sides with statues of the fallen heroes of Stormwind. The gates at the far end were usually open to visitors, but today they were guarded by a line of city guardsmen, led by a soldier on horseback.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he saw them approaching, the horseman rode out to intercept them mid-span. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I cannot let you pass. I have orders to arrest you and the impostor as traitors.\u8221\'94 His eyes rested on Varian.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal Windsor stepped forward, his hands spread open in front of him, to address the horseman. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93General Jonathan, Marcus, we served together under Turalyon. He made us both the men that we are today. Did he err with me? Do you truly believe my intent is to cause harm to our Alliance?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turalyon was one of those statues, Raynn knew; one of the first paladins, and a hero of the Second War. Although he had been a key figure in the defeat, and subsequent internment, of the Orcs, he had done so to protect his people and reclaim their lands around Stormwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the only one lost in memory, as Marcus Jonathan bowed his head and admitted, \u8220\'93I do not know what to do anymore.\u8221\'94 The General looked once more at Varian, whose stormy eyes bored into him with regal determination. Conflict evident on his face, Marcus continued, \u8220\'93The nobles, they fill our lives with endless lies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You must do what you think is right, Marcus,\u8221\'94 Windsor counseled his old friend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a nod, Marcus straightened and turned to his men. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stand down! Heroes walk among us. Let them pass.\u8221\'94 Turning to a young squire, he instructed the boy to pass the word through the city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The guards stepped to either side, and the committed group made their way into the city, heading for the confrontation at the Keep.}}