{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the seventh month of the twenty-sixth year, Raynn finds herself thrust back in time by the bronze dragonflight to the pivotal Battle of Mount Hyjal, which transpired in the year 21. As she materializes in the past, she joins Jaina Proudmoore at the human encampment, where a profound shock registers on Jaina's face upon seeing the older Raynn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Realizing that this Raynn is the matured version of the girl she left recovering in Theramore, there's a brief moment for a quick explanation. The urgency of the situation, however, quickly takes precedence as hordes of undead assail their position. The impending onslaught demands their immediate attention, leaving little room for extended conversations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the tumultuous Battle of Mount Hyjal unfolding around them, Raynn and Jaina are forced to focus on the imminent threats, navigating the chaos of the past to secure a future free from the clutches of the Burning Legion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **First Greeting:**}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Raynn materializes in the midst of the human encampment, the shock on Jaina's face is unmistakable. She recognizes the face, the determined gaze, but this Raynn is not the unseasoned warrior she has come to know in recent days. This Raynn bears the weight of experience, the mark of battles fought and victories earned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Jaina:** (Staring in disbelief) Raynn? But you... you're...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Raynn:** (Smirking) Older? Yeah, time travel can do that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Jaina:** (Eyes narrowing) Time travel? This is not the time for jokes, Raynn. We're facing the Legion, and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Raynn:** (Interrupting) I know the stakes, Jaina. I've been through this before. Just trust me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the urgency of the situation presses upon them, there's little room for further explanation. The echoes of the younger Raynn's determination linger in Jaina's mind as they ready themselves for the impending onslaught.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **As Jaina Calls the Retreat:**}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the heat of battle, as Jaina reluctantly calls for a retreat, she spots Raynn maneuvering through the chaos with a self-assured grace that belies her earlier uncertainty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Jaina:** (Shouting over the clamor) Raynn, fall back! We can't hold this position!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Raynn:** (Nodding) I've got it, Jaina. Go, I'll catch up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the retreat sounds, Raynn doesn't falter. Instead, she heads further up the mountain, her steps purposeful and confident. Jaina watches for a moment, a mix of confusion and curiosity in her eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Jaina:** (Muttering to herself) Who is she?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unbeknownst to Jaina, the Raynn she barely knows is about to carve her own path through the history of Mount Hyjal, leaving an indelible mark on the battle against the Burning Legion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Arrival in the Horde Encampment:**}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the echoes of battle reverberate through the Horde encampment, Raynn materializes, her armor resonating with the hum of magical power. Thrall, overseeing the preparations, turns at the disturbance, his eyes widening with recognition.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Thrall:** Raynn? But you're...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Raynn:** (Smirking) Older? Yeah, time travel can do that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Thrall:** (Staring in amazement) Time travel? What brings you here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Raynn:** (Briefly) Long story. We can catch up later. Right now, we've got a Legion to deal with.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Thrall:** (Nodding) Indeed, we do. Join our forces; we'll need every hand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Throughout the Battle:**}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the battle unfolds, Thrall watches Raynn move with a practiced grace, her combat skills surpassing the memories he holds of a once-adept, yet inexperienced, young warrior. The weight of experience is etched into her every movement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Thrall:** (Muttering to himself) She's grown into a formidable warrior.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, too, senses the recognition in Thrall's gaze but dismisses it, focusing on the immediate threat. Their paths cross multiple times, a silent acknowledgment passing between them amidst the chaos.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Raynn:** (Briefly) We make a good team, Thrall.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Thrall:** (Smiling) We always did.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **As the Camp Is Overrun:**}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the Legion's forces overwhelm the Horde encampment, the once-mighty defenses crumble. Raynn fights valiantly, holding her ground at the entrance to the camp. Thrall, overseeing the broader battlefield, feels a pang of concern for the soldiers under his command.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Thrall:** (Grimacing) We can't hold much longer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as hope wavers, Jaina Proudmoore arrives, her magical prowess evident. She swiftly teleports the remaining survivors to safety, leaving only a few, including Raynn, behind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Raynn:** (Briefly) Good luck, Thrall.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Thrall:** (Nodding) And to you, Raynn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a flash of arcane energy, the Horde encampment is left eerily silent, the battleground now devoid of its defenders.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, with a heavy heart, turns away, ready to face the next challenge up the mountain. She knows the sacrifice is necessary, the memories she's leaving behind a burden she bears alone.}}