{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn gestured the others behind her, and felt Kamery and Elthas fade back into the shadows. Bryna and Carolyn stood to one side, out of the direct line of the door, and Raynn turned back to the door. The construction seemed Goblin, rather than Gnomish, but the theory was the same. Passing through Tinkertown every time she had visited Ironforge, she had often been distracted by the Gnomes\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 grand designs. Although she had no talent, or interest, in pursuing such things herself, she had picked up a few basic principles. A strong push to just the right spot, and the heavy door swung open easily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn held her shield up defensively as she stepped forward, scanning the tunnel beyond. She could hear the sounds of mining from below, and other sounds that hinted at more Goblin mechanisms, perhaps not as benign as a door. She felt, rather than saw, Kamery move up past her, and followed the rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her heart pounded with the familiar anticipation of combat. The skirmish outside had just been the beginning, she was sure, and she relished the opportunity to face more foes. There was something about combat that made her blood sing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the dance of steel, relying on her physical abilities, and the chance to just live in the moment and let her past disappear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery directed their way down a wide tunnel. Past the first bend, they encountered more miners and their Defias overseers; once again, the miners scattered as they fought past the Defias. After several more turns, and several more skirmishes, they reached another door, this one standing open to reveal a more finished room, with a metal floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Entering at the rogue\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s signal, Raynn realized that the floor was a platform. To the left, a wide ramp spiraled downwards around the outer wall; a solid half-wall on its outer edge obscured the floor below. In the middle of this cavernous chamber hung a massive crucible, filling the foundry with the familiar scent of molten iron.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn felt a pang of longing, as she thought of her half-finished gauntlets, waiting back at Dane\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forge. She had been in the midst of making them when Kamery had requested her assistance. Dane had shooed her away, reminding her that the gauntlets would be there when she returned, but if she didn\u8217\'92t go, the rogue might not return.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gripping the handle of her shield and the hilt of her sword firmly, Raynn swiftly descended the ramp. As she neared the bottom, a new sound rose over the hissing and crackling of the iron\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mechanical clacking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery and Elthas slipped ahead, alert, although the druid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whiskers twitched uncomfortably. They returned a moment later, Kamery\u8217\'92s face pale above her bandanna.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Reaper,\u8221\'94 she whispered. \u8220\'93A big one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rogue had pointed out the mechanical reapers in the fields above. Originally designed to assist in harvesting crops, they now menaced the farmers, reprogrammed by the Defias to attack anyone who approached them. Raynn nodded grimly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have to get past it.\u8221\'94 She glanced back at the two spell-casters who followed them. \u8220\'93Stay away from its blades.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression indicated that she had had no intention of going anywhere near the blades anyway. Carolyn nodded, her expression unreadable, and spoke a word of power. Raynn felt holy fortitude fill her, bolstering her strength. Elthas made a strange, startled sound, and suddenly a second surge of power swept over the group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry,\u8221\'94 Elthas\u8217\'92s mumble emerged from the panther\u8217\'92s throat. \u8220\'93I always forget.\u8221\'94 He sounded sheepish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ready?\u8221\'94 Raynn asked, looking over the group once more. They had worked well together in their fights so far, but this was more than just a handful of ill-equipped ruffians. The others nodded, their faces set in determination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taking a deep breath, Raynn charged forward, rounding the corner to confront the reaper. The thing was huge, taller than she was, with blades almost as long as her body. It attacked immediately, responding to its reprogramming. She ducked under the first slice and brought her sword up to parry the next. She saw her companions move in to attack, but the reaper forced her attention back with another flurry of blades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Studying its movements, Raynn soon found the pattern. She had faced similar mechanical foes in the area around Gnomeregan, the Gnomes\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 deserted homeland. Limited by their programming, they always had a set pattern of attacks. Meeting it became a dance of repetition. Duck, parry, block, repeat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her arm ached with the repeated blows, but warmth from Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s healing fended off the pain. She noted with satisfaction that the priestess stayed well back from the whirling blades. The fight became almost hypnotic, fending off the reaper\u8217\'92s single-minded attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn felt the bursts of cold as Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spells flew overhead, following a well-ordered pattern\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 smaller icicles followed by larger bolts of frost. Kamery and Elthas wove their attacks seamlessly behind the mechanism, which started to falter as its parts began to seize up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn blocked another swing, noting that they were slower and becoming more erratic. She managed to land several blows herself, as Kamery and Elthas continued to dismantle the reaper from behind with ruthless efficiency. With one final frost-bolt from Bryna, it shuddered to a complete halt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn watched the mechanism for a moment, to make sure that it was truly out of commission, then looked at her companions, and saw that their faces reflected her own feelings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the rush of battle fading into satisfaction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded, a slight smile on her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good fight.\u8221\'94}}