{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s other side, Kamery gave her sister\u8217\'92s hand another comforting, and apologetic, squeeze, as the rogue continued to process the effect that the Shadow magic had had on the priestess. When she had suggested it, she had thought it just another interrogation technique, but now, she realized, it had been much more for Carolyn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn had seemed to take their previous adventures, even the matter with Lescovar, in stride so easily; Kamery had been pleased to see her sister sharing in her way of life. But, she realized, walking in the shadows as she did was far different from actually drawing on the power of Shadow to touch another mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her mind continuing to adjust and adapt, Kamery turned her attention to her sister. Carolyn was relaxing somewhat, now that Hendel was gone, but a complete change of scenery would do her good. It would do them all good, she decided, to get some fresh air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s head outside,\u8221\'94 she suggested, glancing at Jaina for confirmation. \u8220\'93If we\u8217\'92re not needed here any longer?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think we\u8217\'92ve done all we can for now. I will contact you if we have any new information. Until then, please, enjoy Theramore and I invite you to stay as long as you like within our city\u8217\'92s walls.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With Bryna leading the way, the sisters made their way down the spiraling wooden ramps that led down the height of the tower. The ramps twisted and intertwined in an uneven pattern and platforms at various levels held study or work areas. Mages occupied many of those, reading magical tomes or deep in conversation about various techniques of enchantment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they descended, Carolyn worked her hand free from Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip to grasp the narrow railing that edged the ramps in most, but not all, places. She looked over at her sister with a familiar reassuring smile and Kamery relaxed. Her sister was returning to normal, and now Kamery knew not to ask her to use Shadow magic anymore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The final level of the ramp was solid stone, and led directly to the main entrance to the tower. Exiting into the afternoon sunshine, Kamery took a deep breath. They had been in the stone tower for hours, and while she usually didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find buildings oppressive, the nature of the interrogation had been intense. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 It feels good to be outside again. Is this how Elthas always feels?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if thoughts of the druid had triggered something, her thoughts were interrupted by the deep voice of the mounted guard watching the gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lady Hawthorne,\u8221\'94 the man addressed Bryna, \u8220\'93I recently sent a druid north to investigate rumors from Sentry Point. I believe he was a friend of yours. He asked me to inform you of his whereabouts.\u8221\'94}}