{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas and Kamery sat unnoticed in a corner of the guard post at the entrance to the Stormwind Stockades. Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s paw idly waved back and forth in front of him, keeping time to a melody that hummed in his head. Across the corner, Kamery meticulously treated her daggers with foul-smelling liquids from small vials. The unpleasant scents blended into the backdrop of the city, far less noticeable than they had been in the clean air of Westfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He wondered if Carolyn would be successful in recruiting Raynn. If she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, he supposed he could protect the Humans in his ursine form, but he much preferred the sleek panther to the bear, which felt large and lumbering, despite its surprising agility. At least it wasn\u8217\'92t tall, he mused, with a twitch of his tail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her preparations complete, Kamery returned the vials to her belt pouch. She crouched, idly twirling her daggers in her hands, as her eyes swept the room, traveling from the entrance to the ramp that led down into the prison and back. Elthas felt his head tilt to one side as he pondered the idea of a prison that ran underneath the city; underneath the canals, he realized. He wondered if it was very wet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the dark shadows of the corner, the two were ignored by the guards and the Warden. Thelwater hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been overly receptive to their earlier queries, scowling at them over crossed arms. He had even expressed his belief that they were allies of the Defias and would join the riot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas thought the idea was ridiculous, but the Human had glared at them, telling them that he would only allow them into the prison if they returned with the head of Basil Thedd, VanCleef\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s one-time top lieutenant. The druid doubted that a severed head would be very talkative; they needed answers about the Defias\u8217\'92s remaining connections within Stormwind. Perhaps Thedd would be cooperative though, and tell them before they relieved him of his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A shadow passed across the bright midday sunlight that filtered in through the open entrance, and Kamery straightened. Elthas looked over, and was happily surprised to see that Carolyn had returned with not only Raynn, but Bryna also. He bounded over to the three, Kamery following close behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it turns out you\u8217\'92re on his side,\u8221\'94 Warden Thelwater warned, \u8220\'93we\u8217\'92ll kill you with the rest of the maggots.\u8221\'94 Elthas\u8217\'92s muzzle wrinkled. Maggots were useful creatures, but he and his friends were not insects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn gave the Warden a hard look, and the man swallowed noticeably.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on then,\u8221\'94 he muttered. Louder, he barked to the guards defending the ramp, \u8220\'93Let them through.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn smiled grimly, a brief nod setting her ponytail swaying. Elthas was briefly hypnotized by the motion, but caught himself in time to pad after the others. As they descended, the shouting that had faded into the background upstairs grew louder, mixing with the clash of weaponry and the rattle of chains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The low corridors of the prison were dimly lit, with torches flickering along the walls. Elthas reminded himself not to shift out of his animal forms. The ceiling was far too low.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery seemed to notice his upward glances, as she walked softly beside him. She explained, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Low, and narrow, to limit movement.\u8221\'94 She glanced down at him wistfully, and he felt an extra bounce in his step as he realized that his feline form would be the one least hindered in a fight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn paused as they reached the no-man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s land between the angry prisoners and the polearm-wielding guards who were keeping them at bay. There were narrow corridors leading in three directions. Left and right, they sloped downwards, while the one directly ahead was shorter, leading into an open room ringed with now-unlocked cells. The freed prisoners within seemed unconcerned with their group however. They were engaged in a heated discussion over what appeared to be a dice game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which way?\u8221\'94 Raynn asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn would have to provide the answer, as Elthas and Kamery had been unable to get very far in the chaos, even with their stealth abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Left,\u8221\'94 the priestess directed. Her eyes unfocused slightly, and Elthas moved closer to her, protectively. The spell left her vulnerable, while her senses were focused elsewhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn picked up on his motion, also moving in front of Carolyn, her shield at the ready.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment later, the priestess returned to herself, nodding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 she confirmed. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re down at the end of the passage.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The group made their way through the prison. Although the guards had seemed quite tense at the entrance, once inside, they found that many of the prisoners had no real interest in escape, or combat with such a determined, well-armed group. They had several short scuffles with chain-wielding bandits, which ended with the bandits unconscious or bleeding. After that, others stepped aside, waiting in their cells until the group had passed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn led the way confidently, Carolyn and Elthas close behind her. Kamery and Bryna followed, and when he looked back, Elthas noticed the rogue\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darting about constantly, looking for threats. Bryna\u8217\'92s red hat looked particularly out of place in this dank setting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reaching the large chamber at the end of the corridor, they found their quarry. Thedd, a high-ranking member of the Defias Brotherhood, was flanked by a pair of his fellow insurgents. Curved scimitars gleamed in each of his hands, as he stood defiantly, prepared for combat. Elthas briefly wondered how he had gotten the weapons in here. His guards were armed with rough wooden truncheons made from broken furniture. All three wore the red bandannas of the Defias.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He wondered if Raynn would be able to hold the attention of all three, but decided that she would have no trouble. Although usually fairly taciturn and succinct, during combat she became quite loquacious, a master of taunts and insults. And if words failed, she could always draw an enemy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ire with a solid blow from her shield or sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, the bigger concern was whether Carolyn would be able to keep up with the damage those scimitars would deal. Elthas glanced at the low ceiling, wondering if he would need to shift and help heal. He knew that more experienced druids could heal directly from the animal forms, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have the control required for that yet. Just speaking in form took effort. Carolyn looked calm and resolute though, so he returned his attention to the upcoming conflict.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn stood in the center of the room, facing the Defias lieutenant determinedly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More of the warden\u8217\'92s errand runners?\u8221\'94 Thedd scoffed. \u8220\'93Tell him the prison is ours. I don\u8217\'92t answer to him anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you know of VanCleef\u8217\'92s plans?\u8221\'94 Kamery demanded, ignoring Thedd\u8217\'92s words, as her eyes narrowed over her black bandanna. Although they had thought the threat ended by the destruction of the dreadnought in Westfall, the letter found by Kamery had hinted at further schemes. Elthas recognized Carolyn\u8217\'92s stubborn determination in the rogue\u8217\'92s pursuit of the matter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thedd sneered, and Elthas decided that he probably wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer. At least, not without a fight. Fading into the shadows, he slunk quietly around the perimeter of the room. The remains of a broken chair to one side spoke of the origins of the henchmens\u8217\'92 weapons. Skirting a fetid puddle that he definitely did not want to investigate further, the druid took up a position on the flank of one of the insurgents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His instincts proved correct, and Thedd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sneer became a roar of rage, and with a flurry of slashes, he attacked. Raynn stepped forwards to absorb the brunt of the attack, her shield faltering under the sheer ferocity. A shimmering shield of holy light bolstered her defenses though, and she regrouped quickly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas leaped, pouncing on his target, his claws raking as he allowed the panther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fighting instinct to flow through him. Beside him, Kamery joined the fray.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A surprised squeal made his ears twitch. Glancing over, he saw that where the second insurgent had once been, a confused pig now wandered. His golden eyes sought out Bryna through the flurry of blows that Raynn and Thedd were exchanging. The mage was grinning uncharacteristically. He wondered if that was a new spell. Frost coalesced around the mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands as she joined the attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Under their combined assault, Thedd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s henchman didn\u8217\'92t last long. Bleeding and dazed, he stumbled to one side of the room and collapsed. Seeing that he was alone now, Thedd snarled in defiance, refusing to back down, much as VanCleef had.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The flash of his scimitars slowed momentarily, and Elthas wondered if the man was flagging, when suddenly a cloud of smoke engulfed them with a loud bang. Shaking his head to clear it, Elthas struggled to make sense of what had just happened. Next to him, Kamery coughed, and he could hear Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shout of anger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The smoke began to clear, and the three looked around. Thedd had slipped away from their reach, and Elthas realized with a start that the Defias was almost on the two spell-casters. Bryna moved away, her hands flicking in a different spell, but it seemed to have no effect on Thedd. The mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was tight with desperation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn was mid-spell, and she watched Thedd approach with calm determination as she finished the incantation. Another whispered word, and a shimmering shield surrounded her as his scimitars descended. The golden shield shattered at the first blow, and the second sliced deep into the priestess\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder. She grimaced, starting another spell. Elthas knew from experience that her most powerful spells took time to cast, and she couldn\u8217\'92t focus on anything more than light healing while running away. Shifting quickly, keeping his head low, he drew on the nature magic that accompanied him everywhere, even in this underground construction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn shouted, ramming into Thedd with her shield, but the Defias had seen their weakness, and wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be distracted. His scimitars swept down again. Raynn managed to block one, knocking it aside with her shield, but the other landed, tearing a gash across Carolyn\u8217\'92s thigh. Elthas knew that his spells were helping, but his nature magic worked slowly, gradually. Carolyn didn\u8217\'92t have that much time. He drew another spell to mind, rarely used, but drilled into every druid from the earliest days of training. He hoped that he wouldn\u8217\'92t have to use it, but he would be ready if he did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery was on Thedd now too, her daggers precise, her poisons potent, but their action was too slow. Thedd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s next two blows landed in quick succession, and Carolyn crumpled to the ground. Kamery\u8217\'92s attacks grew more frantic, but less precise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Satisfied, with a sadistic grin, Thedd turned his scimitars on Raynn. His movements were slowing now, but the warrior had also lost some of her defiance at seeing the priestess fall. She stumbled under his assault. Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frost-bolts continued to pelt Thedd with vicious regularity. Elthas focused on Carolyn. She had fallen, yes, but her spirit had not yet left her body. He just had to pull the magic just\u8230\'85so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn stumbled, as Carolyn, unnoticed by the fighters, struggled to one knee. Elthas pushed his healing magic into Raynn now, knowing that she needed it more at this moment, even as she quaffed one of Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s red potions. He was exhausted; he wasn\u8217\'92t fully trained as a healer. Carolyn caught his eye with a nod, and he shifted back to feline form, rejoining the attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thedd faltered, then stumbled. One final stroke of Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sword claimed the Warden\u8217\'92s prize.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Exhausted and in shock, Raynn and Kamery stood dazed. Bryna was more clearheaded. From her position she had seen everything, and now she moved quickly to help Carolyn rise and steady herself. With a nod of thanks to the mage, Carolyn began casting a powerful healing spell. Elthas felt a surge of warmth spread though him, and knew that the spell had affected them all. Carolyn stood taller, no longer leaning on the mage, as Raynn and Kamery turned in shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn laughed, a slightly unsteady sound, as Kamery ran over to embrace her. Raynn looked from one member of the group to another in confusion. Bryna muttered an arcane spell, and the long-forgotten pig squealed as its transformation was renewed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rogue stood back, holding her sister at arms\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 length, her eyes boring into Carolyn\u8217\'92s. Looking over at the druid, Carolyn answered all of their questions. \u8220\'93Elthas.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The attention of all four was too much. Elthas studiously began licking his paw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn laughed again. She knew him well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get out of here,\u8221\'94 she suggested. \u8220\'93We can explain later.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nodding agreement, the others followed the priestess\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lead out of the cell. Kamery hesitated, crossing to where Elthas sat. The rogue crouched down in front of him, her nearness forcing him to meet her eyes. They shone with unshed tears, as she told him, \u8220\'93Thank you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas bowed his head in acknowledgment. He pushed his voice through the feline throat, not wanting to shift\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not wanting to break eye contact, as much as wanting to avoid the low ceiling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s my best friend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery wrapped her arms around him. He allowed her a moment, knowing this was uncharacteristic vulnerability for the rogue, then head-butted her as he stood and led them out of the prison.}}