{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery turned to Raynn. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need one Dark Iron. Preferably one who looks knowledgeable, and talkative.\u8221\'94 With a stern look, she emphasized, \u8220\'93Talkative.\u8221\'94 Turning to Varian, Kamery fixed the hotheaded King with a piercing look. \u8220\'93Stay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian stared at the rogue for a moment, and Raynn almost laughed. She often felt the same desire to charge headlong into combat, to revel in the immediacy and pure physicality. Working with a group however, had advantages, not the least of which was a variety of tactics and approaches. Kamery and SI:7 were the experts on gathering information, and she deferred to the rogue\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s judgment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Apparently Varian reached the same conclusions, and he nodded sharply, although his eyes narrowed with impatience. Raynn nodded her understanding to Kamery. As quietly as she could, trying to stay in the shadows at the edge of the tunnel, the warrior approached the central chamber, peering in to choose her quarry. Unfortunately, the Dark Irons all seemed rather sociable, and none were alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two would work,\u8221\'94 Bryna whispered from behind her, surprising her; she hadn\u8217\'92t noticed the mage move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a nod, Raynn chose a pair of Dark Irons not far from the entrance. Pulling a throwing knife from her belt, she drew their attention. Predictably, they charged at the interloper as she ducked back around the corner. Rounding the corner into the tunnel, one almost immediately grunted in surprise as it was magically transformed into a turtle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other Dark Iron followed Raynn through the short tunnel as she backed down to the antechamber. Her shield easily blocked his attacks, which barely faltered, even as he realized that he was surrounded by seven opponents, not one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another spell from Bryna froze his feet in place. Raynn moved away to give him room to calm down. Thankfully, Varian and Broll also stood down, watching quietly as Kamery approached the Dark Iron, her poison-edged daggers casually in hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t tell you nothing,\u8221\'94 the Dark Iron snarled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn joined her sister, Shadowy tendrils wreathing her arms and head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell her, or tell me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dark Iron caved, revealing the location of the two that they sought and even telling them that Ironfoe, Windsor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weapon, had been taken by Emperor Dagran Thaurissan to the Imperial Seat in the heart of the city. He sneered that his information would do them no good though, since the entrance to the gatehouse was magically locked; not even Kamery\u8217\'92s lock-picks would open it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smiling grimly, Varian held up the key they had retrieved from Forgewright\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tomb. \u8220\'93Perhaps this will unlock it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dark Iron paled, and then collapsed as Broll struck him from behind with one massive paw.}}