{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gideon's fingers danced across the gears, his eyes narrowing in focused concentration. Evelyn, equally engrossed, adjusted her spectacles as they collectively unraveled the mystery of the malfunctioning portal device. The rhythmic clinks and hums of the workshop echoed their determination.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin and Lily, caught in a quiet conversation, seemed momentarily forgotten. Gideon spared them an occasional glance, reassured by the camaraderie developing in his workspace. The spark of connection between the two worlds, not just mechanical but personal, fueled the fervor in his work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Ah, there it is," Gideon exclaimed, a triumphant grin spreading across his face as he adjusted a crucial component.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Evelyn, her eyes bright with excitement, nodded in agreement. "That should do it. The portal should stabilize now."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin and Lily, sensing a shift in the workshop's energy, turned their attention to the inventors.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gideon gestured towards the revitalized device, pride evident in his voice. "Our makeshift portal should transport you back to Azeroth without a hitch now. It's been a pleasure to work on such a unique project."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin extended his gratitude, a genuine smile crossing his features. "You've given us hope, Gideon. We won't forget this."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the group gathered around the humming portal, the air thick with anticipation, Gideon marveled at the unforeseen bonds forged in the pursuit of knowledge. In this shared endeavor, he found not only the joy of invention but also the profound satisfaction of bringing worlds together. The workshop, a testament to the collaborative spirit, echoed with the promise of new beginnings and the enduring magic of unexpected connections.}}