{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Recovering herself, she bent over her moonsaber\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck, encouraging the giant cat to follow the smaller one. Elthas had slowed as he approached the town gate, and they entered together. Carolyn saw Raynn now, at an outdoor forge in the open space beyond the smaller houses. The warrior was working on something, under the tutelage of a tall, muscular Kaldorei. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warrior had shed her usual full plate armor in the heat, and, like her tutor, was wearing just a breastplate and boots, with leather leggings. Unlike her tutor, whose long platinum hair flowed freely around his delicately pointed ears and halfway down his back, Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hair was sensibly tied up in her usual ponytail. Her bare arms glistened with sweat, as the muscles flexed to swing the heavy hammer again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Waiting until the swing was complete, and Raynn had regrouped, Carolyn called out a greeting as she and Elthas approached. The warrior looked up, and delight lit her face. With a quick word to her instructor, who dismissed her with a wave, she jogged over to join them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What brings you here?\u8221\'94 A pleased smile lit Raynn\u8217\'92s face, which was now tanned from time spent in the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We got lost.\u8221\'94 Elthas shifted out of form to answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn laughed at his glum tone. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t mind him. He was as delighted as I was to see a friendly face here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two, actually,\u8221\'94 Raynn told them. She glanced around the town, but then shrugged. \u8220\'93Bryna is somewhere around here. My blacksmithing bores her.\u8221\'94 Her tone was light, amused, and Carolyn saw the satisfaction that the warrior took in her work in her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should let you get back to it then.\u8221\'94 She glanced at the waiting forge-master.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze followed hers, but the warrior shook her head, sending her ponytail swaying. \u8220\'93We usually break for the midday meal anyway. It gets too hot to work. Let\u8217\'92s get you settled and we can catch up over lunch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn nodded, and they followed Raynn to the inn across the small town. The buildings were sunk into the ground, she realized as they entered, which explained why they all seemed so low from the outside. Elthas still had to duck to enter, but once inside, he could stand straight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They arranged a pair of rooms for the next few nights, and joined Raynn at a table at the back of the common room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is Kamery with you?\u8221\'94 the warrior asked. Carolyn wondered if she was worried or just curious. Raynn seemed more relaxed now, but the priestess couldn\u8217\'92t tell if it was her recent blacksmithing accomplishments, the new setting, or something else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94 Elthas answered as Carolyn was still lost in thought. \u8220\'93Shaw asked her to return to Stormwind, for a solo mission.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded, once again not showing the usual tension. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lunch for three then. The chef here is one of the best. I like the Chimaerok Chops, but if you don\u8217\'92t like spice, then the Clamlette Surprise is excellent.\u8221\'94 She waved to a white-hatted Goblin standing beside the hearth on the far side of the inn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, what\u8217\'92dya want?\u8221\'94 He yelled across the mostly empty room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn glanced at her companions. Both shrugged, and Raynn yelled back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Three Chops, please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Goblin turned to busy himself at his workbench, and soon the scent of roasting meat drifted across to where they sat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about Bryna?\u8221\'94 Elthas asked, watching the Goblin chef with interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s usually out all day,\u8221\'94 Raynn shrugged. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s been exploring the desert. So far, she\u8217\'92s avoided falling for Trenton\u8217\'92s tales of enchanted swords in the Troll ruins, but with you here, she may try to drag you along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once again, Carolyn found herself marveling at the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ease. Curious, she asked, \u8220\'93What have you been up to all this time? You can\u8217\'92t have been forging new armor the entire time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn laughed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not the whole time. I finished my iron set, but it was just a test. The Grand Master in Ironforge sent me to another in Stranglethorn Vale.\u8221\'94 Her pride in passing the test was evident. Carolyn nodded, remembering now that on their trip back to Menethil, Kamery had mentioned the warrior being seen in Stranglethorn Vale. However, she decided that it would be best not to remind the warrior of the extent of SI:7\u8217\'92s knowledge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I spent the next several weeks mining, not smithing,\u8221\'94 Raynn shook her head, smiling wryly at the memory. \u8220\'93But then, Galvan taught me to work with imbued mithril.\u8221\'94 She reached into her magical pack, and pulled out a vambrace of dark, shimmering metal. \u8220\'93I made this one with Trenton, some of the larger pieces with Galvan. I just need to finish the breastplate now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what you\u8217\'92re making now?\u8221\'94 Elthas asked, and Raynn nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Order up!\u8221\'94 The Goblin chef\u8217\'92s shout interrupted them. \u8220\'93I ain\u8217\'92t bringin\u8217\'92 it over!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn chuckled as she stood, waving them back down as they started to join her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll get it. Dirge\u8217\'92s cooking is worth his attitude, and he knows it.\u8221\'94}}