{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As quiet fell once more in the garrison, Bryna conjured another round of magical refreshment for herself and Carolyn. The priestess gratefully accepted, her face drawn. Varian noticed, and concern creased his brow. At Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s compressed lips and narrowed eyes however, he bowed his head in apology. Striding towards them, he went to one knee in front of the seated priestess.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I apologize.\u8221\'94 His voice was rough and his breathing heavy from the recent combat, but his words rang true. \u8220\'93I lose myself to my rage.\u8221\'94 Frustration flashed in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn softened somewhat, nodding in understanding. But while she knew that the frustration was just feeding his rage and lost control even more, she was drained from the effort of healing the unarmored King. A smile played at her lips as she teased, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps you could find a shield somewhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he rose, Varian smiled gratefully, and reached out a hand to help her up. It was strange, Carolyn thought, how quickly she had become accustomed to the King as a man. Having to heal someone did that though.}}