{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Giving his head another shake to clear it, Elthas joined his companions as they silently made their way to the exit of the strange cavern. Time travel was strange. He had known, from stories, about the Horde. He and Carolyn had seen Orcs in Ashenvale and the Stonetalon Mountains, although only from a distance. This was the first time he had actually met one. Had actually realized that they were motivated by friendship and loyalty; that Orcs weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so different from Kaldorei or Humans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They could have at least let us explore a bit,\u8221\'94 Bryna grumbled as she caught up to them. In their distraction, the other four had almost reached the exit before realizing that the mage had lingered behind them longer. \u8220\'93Dalaran wouldn\u8217\'92t have been that far.\u8221\'94 There was a wistful tone in her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tail twitched in agreement. The rolling green hills and lush pine forests surrounding Durnholde Keep had been fresh and beautiful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn shook her head, setting her ponytail swaying. Elthas pulled his attention away from the hypnotic sight to listen to the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s answer. \u8220\'93They wouldn\u8217\'92t have let us in anyway.\u8221\'94 Her voice was still distant, but the tightness had lifted. The warrior had a lot of anger and pain in her past, he realized. Perhaps, he hoped, looking around the reunited group, her friends would be able to help her heal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Together, the five emerged into the heat of the Tanaris desert. Elthas shuddered at the heat, and beside him, he felt Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s moonsaber do the same. The priestess, attuned to the great cat, reached down to pat it with a soothing hand. He would have to tell the saber-handlers in Darnassus how well the Human was treating the Kaldorei mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are we staying in Tanaris much longer?\u8221\'94 the priestess asked. \u8220\'93Do you need to do anything more with Trenton?\u8221\'94 She looked questioningly at Raynn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warrior shook her head again, and Elthas forced himself not to watch the auburn ponytail. It was even more distracting than the other Humans\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 horses\u8217\'92 tails as they ran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Un\u8217\'92goro Crater,\u8221\'94 Bryna declared. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s rich with resources.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery laughed, drawing looks from the others, and Elthas remembered Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suggestion that the rogue sell the herbs that she had collected back in the Wetlands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The matter was settled quickly, and they returned to the inn in Tanaris to gather their things. It was near midday, so they stopped for one last lunch from Dirge Quickcleave\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Goblin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cooking was exquisite, even to Elthas\u8217\'92s Kaldorei senses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After lunch, Raynn bid a brief, but heartfelt, goodbye to Trenton Lighthammer, and they set off, once more following Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lead through the rolling dunes to a new, unexplored, and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 most importantly to Elthas\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 vegetation-filled land.}}