{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn observed the camp's bustling activity, a blend of wearied warriors and diligent healers. The atmosphere crackled with the aftermath of battle, and a sense of responsibility hung heavy on the air. Amid the makeshift beds, her eyes caught the approach of a woman whose robes hinted at authority.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman's gaze settled on Raynn, and curiosity gleamed in her eyes. Raynn straightened, conscious of the plainness of the borrowed clothes that covered her healed wounds. As the woman drew near, a warmth accompanied her smile, easing the tension in Raynn's shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Hello there," the woman greeted, extending a hand. "I haven't had the chance to properly introduce myself. I'm Jaina Proudmoore."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina Proudmoore\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the name echoed in Raynn's mind, a figurehead among those she'd heard of but never met. Wariness lingered, but Raynn reached out to accept the handshake. "I'm Raynn," she replied, the words cautious yet steady. "Raynn Tanner."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A subtle recognition flickered in Jaina's eyes, and Raynn couldn't help but wonder how much the woman knew. Jaina's warm smile persisted, an invitation to openness. Raynn's guard held firm but allowed a fraction of curiosity to surface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It's a pleasure to meet you, Raynn. You've been through quite an ordeal. How are you feeling?" Jaina inquired.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The question was genuine, but Raynn hesitated, choosing her words carefully. "Better, thank you. Still getting used to being on my feet again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina nodded, understanding in her gaze. "Take your time. We've been through a lot, and healing is a process. If there's anything you need or if you'd like to talk, I'm here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn offered a nod of gratitude, her eyes following Jaina as she moved through the camp. The encounter left an imprint, a sense of an unspoken story lingering in the air. As Raynn settled back into her surroundings, the curiosity about Jaina and the complexities of the alliance sparked a quiet introspection.}}