{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Four more charges, and they were done. Triggering the charges, Raynn watched in grim satisfaction as the crude huts exploded. The Orcs here would join Thrall in his search for the free clans, and would eventually return to help him liberate the rest of his people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For now though, it was Thrall himself who needed liberating. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t spoken much of his escape, she realized, as she led the way up to the main keep. Many of the guards had been drawn out to fight the fires below, and those who remained were no match for her determination as she cleared a path to the basement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dank cell made her heart break, and a quick glance at her companions showed that they were likewise affected. She was relieved that they had abandoned their earlier doubts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s familiar, deep voice broke into her thoughts. \u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94 He didn\u8217\'92t recognize her, Raynn realized with a pang of sadness. But of course, they wouldn\u8217\'92t actually meet for another year. \u8220\'93Just leave me be.\u8221\'94 He sounded hopeless, not yet the Thrall she had known.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are friends of Taretha. We are here to get you out of here.\u8221\'94 Kamery spoke, weaving the story as easily as her nimble fingers opened the crude lock. As Raynn\u8217\'92s throat tightened with emotion, she was once again grateful for the rogue\u8217\'92s presence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are friends of Taretha? Very well then. Let\u8217\'92s go.\u8221\'94}}