{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn watched the conflicting emotions flicker through the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. Recognition first, of course, followed by a mixture of curiosity, suspicion, and, she thought, hopefully, pleasure. That last, she knew, was why she had been chosen for this task. Although she knew that her penchant for joining the melee irked Raynn, they had developed an understanding during their previous adventure. The bond between warrior and healer was strong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled, remembering that bond, as Raynn approached across the soot-streaked red brick plaza. The warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands flexed several times as she walked, and Carolyn realized that she was wearing new gauntlets. The grey metal still carried a fresh shine, unmarked by the scratches and smudges that combat added. A faint shimmer of magic surrounded them. Her smile broadened, recognizing the artistry. \u8220\'93You finished them! They\u8217\'92re amazing!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn relaxed, grinning in satisfaction. She looked down at her hands admiringly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gauntlets are so tricky!\u8221\'94 The warrior exclaimed, but despite the complaint, her voice was filled with pride. She looked back up at Carolyn. \u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t just come here just to admire my work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The statement was a clear question, and Carolyn answered readily, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, we\u8217\'92ve run into another situation. The Defias threat isn\u8217\'92t quite as finished as we thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94 Raynn\u8217\'92s eyebrow raised in surprise. \u8220\'93VanCleef is gone. Their dreadnought is destroyed. Shouldn\u8217\'92t they have dispersed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn shook her head, feeling a strand of blonde hair loosen from its knot. She reached up to tuck the stray lock back in as she answered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kamery found a recently-written letter on VanCleef, addressed to Baros Alexston. The chief architect of Stormwind,\u8221\'94 she added for clarity, although Raynn nodded impatiently. Carolyn continued, \u8220\'93We took the letter to Alexston. Apparently VanCleef wasn\u8217\'92t just bluffing; he still had contacts within the city. Shaw wants us to investigate VanCleef\u8217\'92s associates in the Stockades, but the prisoners are rioting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression hardened, becoming unreadable. \u8220\'93SI:7 can\u8217\'92t handle it?\u8221\'94 Her voice was equally expressionless. Carolyn winced, trying to keep her expression serene. She wished she had Kamery\u8217\'92s knack for that, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 or at least her bandanna - is that all it takes?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warrior seemed to relax at her reaction though, asking, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How bad is the riot?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn frowned, remembering their recent trip to the guard post at the prison\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance, and the less-than-welcoming Warden. While Kamery had tried to sweet talk the man, Carolyn had used her Shadow magic to see through the prisoners\u8217\'92 eyes. The mind vision spell was one of her favorite Shadow spells, since it was so benign, as well as being useful. Even Elthas, usually enthusiastic about employing his feline abilities, had quailed at the thought of trying to sneak through the mayhem of the Stockades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was chaos. We can\u8217\'92t handle it alone,\u8221\'94 she admitted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not even with your staff?\u8221\'94 Raynn chuckled, and Carolyn felt herself relax. The warrior seemed to be adjusting to the idea, her sense of justice overriding her discomfort concerning Shaw and Kamery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No! I told you, I know what I\u8217\'92m doing.\u8221\'94 She paused, then added, \u8220\'93When in doubt, find a valiant warrior!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn smirked, straightening with pride. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. Is everyone else there?\u8221\'94 With a gesture, she indicated that they should start walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn knew the warrior was referring to their group of five, and shook her head as she tried to keep up with the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s decisive stride. \u8220\'93Bryna\u8217\'92s gone to visit her parents.\u8221\'94 She considered, as they left the ever-present haze of the Dwarven District for the fresher air of the canal-side. \u8220\'93Although, I suppose we could go ask her too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s firm nod evinced her sentiment. \u8220\'93She can help control the crowd. And she can handle herself well in a fight. Did you see her after that door blew up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn nodded, remembering, as they crossed one of the many bridges that connected the various districts of the city across the canals. She had been distracted by Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s injury at first, but when she had looked up, it had become apparent that the mage had singlehandedly saved them from an ambush, taking down one of the Defias pirates on her own. Thinking back, she mused, \u8220\'93I can see why Elthas invited her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elthas?\u8221\'94 Raynn sounded surprised, and Carolyn realized that the warrior had arrived in Sentinel Hill late, and had missed the initial introductions, wherein she had explained to Kamery why a request for a sister had brought three people instead. In turn, Kamery had admitted that she hadn\u8217\'92t known where Carolyn had been\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she had penned the letter, but Shaw had taken it unaddressed, saying only that he would see that it got where it needed to go.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Weaving through the ever-present crowd of the Trade District, Carolyn nodded, explaining, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I left him to find us a portal from Darnassus to Stormwind. He found Bryna; found her fascinating, actually. As she cast the portal, he invited her along!\u8221\'94 Her voice bubbled with laughter at the memory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s got good instincts then.\u8221\'94 Raynn sounded approving. Carolyn wondered if she realized just how much Elthas was ruled by his instincts sometimes. As they crossed the last bridge and entered the district where Bryna\u8217\'92s parents\u8217\'92 shop was located, Carolyn suspected the tightly controlled warrior had no idea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn followed Raynn into the twisting maze of the Mage Quarter. She had only been here once before, briefly, as she and Elthas had followed Bryna from the Tower when they had first arrived in Stormwind. The seemingly random jumble of buildings still intimidated her, as she had heard rumors of unwitting travelers being lost for days in the narrow, twisting alleyways. At least it was pleasant, she thought, feeling smooth grass under her feet, a welcome contrast to the white cobblestones of the rest of the city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have far to go, it turned out. Bryna was sitting on a low stone wall just to the left of the entrance, reading a book. The mage looked up as they approached, and before either of them even spoke, she had snapped her book closed and was standing to join them. \u8220\'93What are we blowing up next?\u8221\'94 Her dark eyes sparkled with anticipation.}}