{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>As the sun dipped low on the horizon, casting long shadows across the dockyards of Southshore, Thrall focused his concentration on the subtle magic of Farsight. The energies rippled, revealing the lands beyond his direct line of sight. A familiar tension gripped him \endash  the weight of leadership, the burden of the Horde, and the uncertainty of the unknown that lay ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His sharp eyes picked up on the approaching human army from Durnholde Keep, marching with a determination that hinted at a singular purpose. Thrall furrowed his brow; the delicate balance between the Horde and the humans seemed on the brink of disturbance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the midst of the unfolding drama, a solitary figure emerged \endash  Raynn, the young woman who had once crossed their path at a critical juncture. His connection with the Farsight allowed him to witness her interaction with the humans. A deceptive dance, orchestrated with a purpose that eluded Thrall at first.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turning to Grom, Thrall relayed the events he had witnessed. "Grom, Raynn has intervened. She misdirected the human army, leading them north. It seems she seeks to protect us."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom, ever perceptive, foresaw the repercussions. "When the humans realize her deception, they'll turn their anger on her. We made a blood oath to protect her, Thrall. We must act."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The invocation of the blood oath echoed in Thrall's thoughts. The ancient pledge, forged in a time of desperation, bound them to protect a human child, a promise made by Grom to a dying man. Thrall's resistance surfaced, a reluctance rooted in the growing uncertainty of their journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yet, Grom's insistence carried the weight of honor. "The immediate threat is from the humans," Grom asserted. "Having Raynn with us ensures we can protect her. We cannot leave her to face their wrath alone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The strange desire to shield Raynn from impending danger tugged at Thrall's resolve. A silent acknowledgment passed between the two leaders, sealed by the echoes of a blood oath. Reluctantly, Thrall nodded. "We ride out, then. Let us find Raynn."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they spurred their war wolves into motion, Thrall's mind grappled with the unfolding events. The unpredictable path to Kalimdor now entwined with the responsibility of protecting a young human woman \endash  a connection fate had woven into their journey.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}