{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the small study room, Elthas stepped protectively in front of his new young friend as the door crashed inwards. Across the room, Broll instantly dropped into bear form as Kamery spun, her daggers in hand. A black dragonspawn burst into the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After Kamery had returned to the study, Elthas and Anduin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rambunctious play had settled, and they had been speaking quietly, safely at the far end of the room. Ever since they had arrived, the young Prince had been asking questions about his druidic abilities; the boy reminded Elthas of Carolyn when they had first met. The looming dragonspawn now put their relative safety into question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Broll growled, rearing up and swiping both massive claws across the dragonspawn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exposed side. It turned to him immediately, and Kamery\u8217\'92s daggers found their marks on its flank, slicing open tendons in one leg, eliciting a harsh, angry hiss from her enemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although the dragonspawn stumbled briefly, it still had three legs. Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attacks barely broke its concentration as it conjured a fireball to fling at Broll. The druid dodged agilely, although the scent of singed fur filling the room told Elthas that he hadn\u8217\'92t been completely unscathed. Broll roared and bashed the dragonspawn with a solid backhand swipe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fireball ignited a bookshelf at the back of the room, adding the smoke and scent of burning paper and leather to the air. With a quick word to his young charge, Elthas shepherded the young Prince towards the door, trying to avoid the dragonspawn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s notice. As they approached, he could sense Kamery\u8217\'92s poisons working on her foe, as her daggers once more found their marks in the humanoid torso, where it joined to the draconic hind end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he and Anduin neared her, Elthas briefly shifted out of feline form. Drawing on his connection to nature, he cast a slow-acting healing spell on Broll, then he bent to the Prince. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay low,\u8221\'94 he instructed, shifting immediately back to feline form to join Kamery\u8217\'92s attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although the dragonspawn fell under their combined attack, the back of the room was now ablaze. They would have to seek safety elsewhere. Leaving the study, they paused in the hallway to assess their options. To their left, several palace guards were engaged with another dragonspawn, with two more bearing down on them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The way to the right was clear, and Kamery suggested that the courtyard and library might be safe, so they turned in that direction. Broll led the way, remaining in ursine form, while Elthas paced beside the young Prince, staying visible to reassure the boy. Although Anduin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was pale and his eyes wide, he seemed calm and composed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That composure shattered however, when they passed the entrance to the throne room. The sounds of battle from within drew their attention, and Anduin caught sight of the two Varians facing one another on the far side of the dais, their voices raised in angry censure of one another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ignoring the massive dragon in the way, the boy dashed determinedly across the throne room before either of the druids or Kamery could react. With the dragonspawn alerted to their presence, the three were drawn into the melee, even as Anduin confronted the arguing Kings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop it!\u8221\'94 the Prince cried, the intensity in his young voice cutting through the clamor of the battle. He stopped at the center of the dais, between his fathers and the startled black dragon, a small, innocent figure in the midst of the chaos. Onyxia\u8217\'92s head turned to regard him with surprise that quickly turned to malevolent intent.}}