{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Name:** Mathias Shaw}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Race:** Human}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Class:** Rogue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Affiliation:** SI:7 (Stormwind Intelligence), Alliance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Title:** Master of SI:7}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Known Abilities:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **Master Rogue:** Mathias Shaw is a highly skilled rogue and the master of SI:7, Stormwind's intelligence agency.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **Stealth and Subterfuge:** Shaw excels in espionage, infiltration, and gathering intelligence through covert means.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **Tactical Mind:** He possesses a sharp and strategic mind, making him an effective leader in intelligence and covert operations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Background:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mathias Shaw is the leader of SI:7, Stormwind's covert intelligence agency. He is known for his cunning, resourcefulness, and dedication to the Alliance. Shaw has played a crucial role in gathering intelligence and coordinating espionage efforts against various threats to Stormwind and the Alliance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Known Relationships:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **King Varian Wrynn:** Shaw serves as a close advisor to King Varian Wrynn, providing intelligence and conducting covert operations on behalf of Stormwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **SI:7 Agents:** As the master of SI:7, Shaw oversees a network of skilled agents dedicated to the Alliance's interests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Kamery: Mentor. Sees the value in her priestess sister, and influences the formation of the diverse group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Raynn: Intrigued by unique fighting style. Curious, but patient. Respect her abilities and contributions to the group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Carolyn: Recognizes a valuable asset for Kamery to use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Bryna: Respect for her perceptiveness. Enjoys matching wits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Raynn, Carolyn, Elthas, Bryna: Initially sees them as useful tools\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a chance to build a more versatile group around Kamery, but grows to appreciate them as people too. (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shaw sees the value in everything, even friendships.\u8221\'94 [Kamery] and Shaw, all of SI:7 really, viewed the world as a chessboard, with the people in it just the pieces. But people, Raynn was right, were more than just chess pieces.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Notable Events:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mathias Shaw played a key role in various covert operations, including those against the Defias Brotherhood and other threats to Stormwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - He has been involved in efforts to maintain security within Stormwind and protect the kingdom from internal and external dangers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Current Status (as of classic WoW era):**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mathias Shaw remains the Master of SI:7, continuing to serve as a crucial asset in Stormwind's intelligence and security apparatus.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}