{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As his prey fell, Elthas pushed back the feline instinct once more. Useful in battle, but he had found that feeding afterwards often disturbed those around him. Especially when the prey was sentient. As the adrenaline of combat faded, the instincts also died down, and he sat back to clean his paws.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn and Kamery were busy wrestling the bodies of their foes over to the bushes, where they might not be found for a while. Bryna stopped them, pointing instead to the far side of the courtyard, where the open arches smelled of fresh air. Padding over ahead of the others, he saw that the courtyard directly overlooked a lake, the white stone wall leading straight down into deep water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Convenient,\u8221\'94 Raynn agreed, when she reached the far walkway. She and Kamery returned to their task, picking up Lescovar between them. Pondering, Elthas shifted into bear form and shuffled over to stand in their way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery understood his intention instantly. She was good at that, he realized. Perhaps even better than Carolyn. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put him on El\u8217\'92s back,\u8221\'94 she instructed Raynn, and the warrior heaved the man\u8217\'92s shoulders over the bear\u8217\'92s head. Once the weight was settled, Elthas lumbered carefully over to the edge. Bryna and Carolyn awaited, and helped deliver his grisly burden to its watery resting place. The assassin Marzon soon followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Knowing that the guards would return soon, and not wanting to be found at the scene, even with the evidence disposed of, the group quickly left the peaceful courtyard. Shifting back to feline form, Elthas reflected that he should visit the Stormwind Park soon. It was somewhere on the other side of the city, near the Mage District. He had spotted it across the canal as they had approached the Stockade in that area. But first, they had to report back to Trias, in his shop filled with so many interesting smells. His whiskers twitched in anticipation.}}