{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although the Harvest Festival date gave them a deadline, they still had two days to make the journey. They did not press hard, planning to stop near Three Corners for the night.  Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s instructions had made them wary, so they cut through the hills north and west of Lakeshire, avoiding the small town. They did not want to alert their enemies in Stormwind prematurely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas loped easily through the rolling landscape, hoping that he would finally have some time to complete his leather-working project. He had finished sealing the leather in Lakeshire\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he now only needed to thread the lacings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian and Kamery led the way, as the only ones truly familiar with this territory, guiding them past the eastern end of the long lake. Finally, at mid-afternoon, they halted in a sparse grove of trees on the hillside overlooking Three Corners, where the roads from Redridge, Elwynn Forest, and Duskwood met. This close to the watchtower that guarded the intersection, they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t light a campfire. The air was warm, and the night promised to be pleasant enough in just bedrolls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s satisfaction, Kamery slipped away from the camp to gather nearby herbs. Bryna followed the rogue, mumbling something about dinner. Settling on a fallen log, Elthas pulled out the nearly-completed bracers. He took a moment of satisfaction, his eyes tracing the intricately tooled designs. Not only decorative, each line and curve held an enchantment, carefully crafted to enhance the wearer\u8217\'92s agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moment was interrupted as Carolyn sat next to him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re almost done, aren\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94 The priestess smiled; she had known what he was working on. A laugh entered her voice as she told him, \u8220\'93Kamery asked if I could make leather armor the other day.\u8221\'94 Gesturing to the two black-dyed bracers, her voice became heartfelt. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92ll love them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hope so.\u8221\'94 He grinned, adding, \u8220\'93If not, we know they\u8217\'92d fit you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a laugh, Carolyn left him to his work, crossing the campsite to speak with Raynn. The warrior was polishing one of her own bracers, frowning at a dent in the metal. She would need a hammer and anvil to properly repair it. On the other side of the small camp, Broll, Varian, and Windsor had been speaking in low tones. As their conversation ended, the older druid crossed to Elthas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I join you?\u8221\'94 Broll\u8217\'92s respectful tone surprised Elthas. Although enigmatic, the other druid was an elder, many centuries older than Elthas himself. He nodded, and Broll settled into the spot recently vacated by Carolyn. They had fought side by side, as equals, in Blackrock Mountain, Elthas realized, with a small surge of self-confidence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That confidence was boosted even more when Broll, after a questioning look, picked up one of the unfinished brown bracers to examine it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent work.\u8221\'94 The older druid smiled, as Elthas thanked him. Broll\u8217\'92s own armor was even more heavily enchanted\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 work that Elthas hoped to be able to learn someday, but these bracers came close. \u8220\'93A pair for yourself, and one for Kamery?\u8221\'94 Broll guessed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas nodded, pulling the lace on the second black bracer tight. Just in time, as Kamery glided silently back into the clearing. Spotting her sister, Carolyn gave Elthas a glance. At his nod, she drew the rogue over to where he stood to greet her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery looked between the two curiously, then her eyes widened as Elthas presented her with the set of black bracers. They shone with appreciation as she accepted the gift, and felt the magical enhancements they contained. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93El, they\u8217\'92re wonderful!\u8221\'94 Spontaneously, the rogue threw her arms around him. \u8220\'93Thank you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas returned the embrace briefly, but then released her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try them on!\u8221\'94 he urged, wanting to make sure he had fit them properly. Carolyn had helped, and he remembered the priestess\u8217\'92s laugh at the awkwardness of the heavy leather on her wrist. He hoped that the sisters\u8217\'92 similarities also included wrist size.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery quickly removed her old bracers, and slipped on the new ones. To Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s relief they fit perfectly. As the rogue showed the new armor to Raynn and Varian, who had also approached in curiosity, Bryna returned to the camp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mage was accompanied by the delicious aroma of roasted rabbit. Varian turned to her with a frown. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A cooking fire? Or did you enter Lakeshire?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course not.\u8221\'94 She chuckled. \u8220\'93I may be a frost mage, but I do know some fire spells. Not very good for skinning\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she grinned at Elthas and Carolyn\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93but effective for cooking dinner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fortified by a warm meal after all, they settled down for the night. In the fading evening light, Elthas finished lacing his own bracers. Slipping them over his wrists, he shifted to feline form, feeling the tingle of their magic in his paws. Curling up between Carolyn and Kamery, he drifted off to sleep, dreaming of chasing rabbits through Elwynn Forest.}}