{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile in the ash-covered plains just outside Morgan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Vigil, Carolyn followed Raynn and Kamery as they pushed back the black dragon-kin in the area. The warrior and rogue had cleared a wide swath through the swarming whelplings and lesser dragonspawns with their sharp blades, and Carolyn was keeping busy, not with healing the proficient pair, but with removing what scales she could salvage from their fallen foes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She caught Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes on her, and smiled at her sister. \u8220\'93Elthas showed me,\u8221\'94 the priestess explained. \u8220\'93Leather comes in useful sometimes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery blinked, holding up one leather-clad arm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I\u8217\'92m aware. I didn\u8217\'92t think you liked the weight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93El wears it.\u8221\'94 She lifted the bottom of her robe slightly, to show the bottom of one foot, showing off the sturdy leather sole of her lightweight boot. \u8220\'93I use a bit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94 Kamery\u8217\'92s tone didn\u8217\'92t quite reflect that understanding. She thought for a moment. \u8220\'93Can you make armor with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn shook her head, feeling a strand of hair loosen from her knot. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, but El can.\u8221\'94 She tucked the loose strand back into place as Raynn approached.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Had enough?\u8221\'94 the warrior asked. Her eyes were bright with satisfaction at the physical exertions of the day. Several new smudges of ash marred her shield, but Carolyn knew they would be polished away by that night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just comparing armor,\u8221\'94 the priestess said, teasingly. Raynn\u8217\'92s self-made plate armor was her pride and joy, and neither Carolyn\u8217\'92s robe nor Kamery\u8217\'92s leathers could come close to comparing. Remembering Raynn\u8217\'92s past history with Orcs, she asked, \u8220\'93We may end up facing the Blackrock here. Are you alright with this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They could have come with us. They didn\u8217\'92t. They made their choice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery gestured at the distant black dragon-kin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps not entirely.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes followed the rogue\u8217\'92s gesture, growing distant. \u8220\'93Grom broke free.\u8221\'94 She paused for a moment, then her jaw tightened. \u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t let them stop us from protecting Stormwind.\u8221\'94}}