{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the end, he sent her back to Mathias Shaw, to report what she had seen. After a night at the inn herself, followed by a quick flight to Stormwind, Kamery stood in Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office atop the SI:7 headquarters. A quick glance told her that not much had changed in the familiar round, wood-paneled room; the desk was currently cleared of papers, with just one blank sheet sitting near the quill and inkwell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As was often his habit when entertaining visitors, the spy-master stood across from the desk, looking out of his open window. Morning sunlight filled the room, along with cool, crisp air from the nearby mountains. The sound of steel hitting wood rose from the training yard below, a muted percussion to her report. When she finished, Shaw half-turned to Kamery with an enigmatic smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93SI:7 can do much, but for this, I think it\u8217\'92s time to assemble a more well-rounded group,\u8221\'94 he directed. Almost as an afterthought, he added, \u8220\'93Something that can\u8217\'92t be connected back to Stoutmantle.\u8221\'94 Shaw gestured to the training yard below. \u8220\'93A sword and shield would be a good start.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Through the open window, Kamery could see Raynn, her auburn ponytail swinging freely in rhythm with her movements. Kamery smiled, satisfied at being given a second chance with the warrior. Remembering their trouble with Hogger, she knew that the two of them wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be enough for whatever lay beyond that steel door below Moonbrook. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 A healer would be nice, but I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m not even sure where Caro is now; it would take too long to reach her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seeming to read her thoughts, Shaw continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps your sister would be willing to return to join you. Write to her; I\u8217\'92ll see it delivered.\u8221\'94 He sounded so confident that Kamery complied readily. When she had finished a short note\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Shaw had instructed her not to include any details\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she left it with him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Daring to hope that she might see Carolyn again soon, Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s steps were lighter than usual as she walked down the spiraling stairs from the tower office. Although the Defias threat and the challenges ahead still lurked in her mind, she longed to hear even more details about her sister\u8217\'92s travels and the druid companion that the priestess had mentioned in her letters.}}