{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the top of the tower, curled up in a soft chair in Jaina\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s study, Bryna flipped through yet another dead end of a book. Bright sunlight spilled in through the thick glass windows that pierced the upper chamber\u8217\'92s walls on all sides. Motes of dust swirled lazily through the light, and Bryna took a moment to watch one run through its circular path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She and Jaina had scoured every book in the arch-mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s library, it seemed, to no avail. There had been plenty of powerful spells that Bryna had determined she needed to return to learn someday, but nothing to induce memory loss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The peaceful quiet of the tower chamber was broken by heavy booted footsteps, coming up from the ramp leading below. Bryna looked up curiously, and her eyes widened at the sight of a familiar auburn ponytail entering the room. Some of the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s armor looked different, gleaming darkly rather than grey iron, and shimmering with impressive magic too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But before Bryna could say anything, Jaina gave a happy exclamation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Raynn!\u8221\'94 The arch-mage rose and swiftly crossed to the warrior, drawing her into an embrace. To Bryna\u8217\'92s surprise, the usually stiff warrior didn\u8217\'92t recoil, but instead returned the embrace warmly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jaina,\u8221\'94 Raynn was smiling easily. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s good to see you again.\u8221\'94 She noticed Bryna then, and her amber eyes widened in surprise. \u8220\'93Bryna?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina stepped back, looking between the two. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know each other?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna stood, crossing to join them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We met in Westfall.\u8221\'94 She thought for a moment. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s really what started all of this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn gave her a sharp look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All this? It wasn\u8217\'92t over after Lescovar?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hesitated to name the target of their less-than-legal intervention in Stormwind, Bryna noted. Raynn seemed to trust Jaina implicitly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you two know each other?\u8221\'94 Bryna asked instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Raynn stayed here for a while when she was younger,\u8221\'94 Jaina told Bryna, which just opened up more questions, but the arch-mage moved on to answer Raynn\u8217\'92s query. \u8220\'93Bryna came here to study.\u8221\'94 She indicated the bookshelves lining the walls of the office. \u8220\'93Her friends showed up not long after, investigating\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She sighed wistfully before continuing. \u8220\'93I had arranged for Varian Wrynn and Thrall to meet, to discuss a more lasting peace.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, reflecting surprise and an unmistakable surge of excited hope that caught Bryna off guard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina continued though, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Varian\u8217\'92s ship disappeared en route to Theramore.\u8221\'94 Raynn\u8217\'92s shoulders slumped in disappointment, but her face was thoughtful as she listened to the rest of the story. \u8220\'93Bryna\u8217\'92s friends found signs that the Defias were involved, and traced the matter here, where they aided in my own investigation. They located a shipwreck off the coast to the north, and signs that a prisoner had been held on Alcaz Island, but there is nothing left there now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Varian is back in Stormwind now,\u8221\'94 Bryna finished. \u8220\'93He doesn\u8217\'92t remember the abduction, but we\u8217\'92re still curious.\u8221\'94 She deliberately left out who was involved in the \u8216\'91we.\u8217\'92 An old question rose in her memory. \u8220\'93Who did you deliver Trias\u8217\'92s report to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blinking, Raynn replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anduin. He took the throne when Varian disappeared?\u8221\'94 She sounded uncertain, as though still piecing it together in her mind. \u8220\'93Well, Lady Prestor actually took the report.\u8221\'94 She frowned with distaste at the name. \u8220\'93She was unpleasant.\u8221\'94 Raynn shot an apologetic glance at Jaina. \u8220\'93I spent the first three years in Ironforge,\u8221\'94 she admitted suddenly, confusing Bryna again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina smiled understandingly though. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You did return to Stormwind though, it seems?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Dwarves have a good library,\u8221\'94 she added defensively. \u8220\'93I learned a lot there too. About Stormwind and\u8230\'85the liberation of Khaz Modan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna tried to follow the conversation, but there was a lot being left unsaid, and she realized that she was watching the reunion of two close friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Surprising, as she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t realized Raynn allowed anyone close to her. She wondered briefly if Shaw knew about this connection, but immediately dismissed the thought. Shaw\u8217\'92s curiosity didn\u8217\'92t matter, on the matter of Raynn\u8217\'92s background, at least.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina broke the moment of quiet understanding between herself and Raynn suddenly, reaching up to touch the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s temple lightly. Feeling something there, she gave a delighted smile. \u8220\'93You still have it?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face broke into another genuine smile as she nodded. \u8220\'93Of course!\u8221\'94 She reached up, and to Bryna\u8217\'92s surprise and fascination, she pulled off a magical circlet, the gold band shimmering into existence as it came free.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina looked at the object for a moment, then held out her hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see if I can improve on my old work.\u8221\'94 Remembering Bryna\u8217\'92s presence, she cast an inviting look her way. \u8220\'93Come on, see what you can learn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eagerly, Bryna accepted the invitation, as Raynn stepped back smiling at the enthusiasm of the two mages.}}