{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two weeks later, unaware of her friends\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 adventures, Bryna stood in Jaina Proudmoore\u8217\'92s library. She looked around, her dark eyes drinking in the rows upon rows of arcane tomes. No matter how many times she had come in here over the past month, the expanse of the place always amazed her. Tucked away in the top of an unassuming tower in the middle of Theramore, the expansive library extended into magical space. Soft magical lighting illuminated the room, easy on the eyes yet always giving enough light to read by. Thick woven carpets covered the stone floors; they served the dual purpose of muffling footsteps and keeping the room warm. The books themselves, of course, were the main focus of the room, with their multicolored spines shimmering and glittering with gold and silver lettering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Continuing to marvel at the amount of knowledge stored here, Bryna walked over to a nearby shelf, perusing the titles. Her dark eyes drank in the titles, even as another part of her mind fidgeted with the familiar restlessness. No matter how enticing a place was, she always seemed to leave too soon, to seek excitement, to look for novelty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her drifting thoughts were interrupted by Jaina\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrival. The powerful arch-mage hadn\u8217\'92t been what Bryna had expected at all. Blonde and slim, she looked more youthful than her nearly forty years. She had a friendly smile, and her charismatic attitude explained a lot about why her people here remained loyal to her above all else, even though Theramore was loosely allied with Stormwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you studying today?\u8221\'94 Jaina asked as she approached Bryna to join her in looking at the titles on the shelf.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna ducked her head slightly, allowing the wide brim of her red had to hide her eyes from the arch-mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perceptive sight. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure,\u8221\'94 she admitted, hearing the restlessness in her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t comment on her tone though, only perused the shelves herself, before touching one slender finger to a purple tome highlighted with gold lettering. \u8220\'93What about another polymorph spell?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the older mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suggestion, Bryna perked up, feeling a flicker of interest. She did love polymorph spells; after teleportation spells, they were perhaps her favorite. She pulled the tome down, feeling its weight in her hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Bryna settled into one of the comfortable armchairs scattered about the room and began perusing the new spell, Jaina began selecting her own reading material, but she was interrupted by a magical shimmer in the middle of the room, signally the arrival of one of her other guests, the arch-mage Tervosh. His robes were similar in style to Jaina\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, but the black and gold coloring contrasted sharply with her purple and white.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina turned to look at the new arrival, and from her seat, Bryna watched curiously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My Lady,\u8221\'94 the arch-mage sounded tense. \u8220\'93A new development in the ongoing investigation.\u8221\'94 He glanced over at Bryna, obviously being vague in her presence. \u8220\'93Several others have arrived investigating the same matter. I have sent them on their way to confront the miscreant, however, they may need assistance if he has associates.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina nodded, apparently familiar with the situation. Glancing over at Bryna thoughtfully for a moment, she then invited, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bryna, join us.\u8221\'94 Her blue eyes shone with understanding as Bryna eagerly set her book aside on a small wooden side-table and stood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tervosh gestured Bryna to his left. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stand close, I can teleport us to the location.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obeying his command, Bryna stood near the stern-faced arch-mage, as Jaina moved close on his other side, and felt the familiar tingle of teleportation begin. It was strange not being in command of the spell herself, but she allowed herself to relax into it. Despite his brusque manner, Tervosh was a more than competent mage, and Jaina trusted him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The arch-mage skillfully twisted the arcane energies, engulfing all three in the swirling sensations of teleportation. The transfer was swift, and soon her senses cleared and she looked around to orient herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her gaze fell first on a small watchtower just ahead of them, where they had arrived on a dusty road winding through the middle of a swamp. The pungent smell of rotting vegetation assailed her nostrils and she wrinkled her nose in distaste. She recognized the terrain as being just outside of Theramore. This must be one of the watchtowers that guarded the approach to the coastal city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Above the ever-present buzzing of insects, an angry shout rose from just beyond the watchtower, followed by the dull sound of a metal blade striking wood. An angry growl followed, and then a yelp of pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the sound, Tervosh smiled slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps they may not need as much aid as I feared. Come.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t needed to add the command; Bryna was already moving, her soft boots stirring up puffs of dust as she jogged along the road past the tower\u8217\'92s ramp. Coming around to the far side of the tower, she spied the fight, and startled recognition almost made her stop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite her surprise, her mind quickly pulled up the relevant spells, including the newly-learned polymorph. Tervosh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91other investigators\u8217\'92 were none other than her companions from Stormwind\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Carolyn, Kamery, and she presumed the unfamiliar sandy-brown bear to be Elthas. Runes dyed into the fur on his shoulders matched the ones she knew from his panther form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas growled menacingly, holding the attention of two of the three men that they faced. The men were all dressed in the armor of Theramore, which surprised Bryna, given the townspeople\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s loyalty to Jaina. No time to wonder though, she decided, as the third man swung his sword at Kamery. He wasn\u8217\'92t unskilled, but the rogue dodged the blow easily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be able to keep that up indefinitely though, Bryna knew, and her friends needed the rogue\u8217\'92s daggers to dispatch the other two swiftly. Carolyn\u8217\'92s staff landed a solid blow, but the priestess\u8217\'92s forte was healing, not combat. Elthas\u8217\'92s fur was matted with blood in several places, but watching Carolyn\u8217\'92s mouth move in holy incantations, Bryna suspected that the wounds beneath were healed already.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her own mouth and hands moved then, enacting the new polymorph spell on Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assailant. With satisfaction, she watched the burly man transform instantly into a turtle and stumble off in confusion. The rogue, to her credit, didn\u8217\'92t break from the melee, instead turning her daggers on the other two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Under the assault, the two quickly caved, scrambling away to run into undergrowth that surrounded them. Bryna wondered briefly how they would fare against the alligators that inhabited the swamp, but her thoughts quickly returned to her friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing here?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s deal with the matter at hand first,\u8221\'94 Tervosh interrupted. With a word, he broke Bryna\u8217\'92s polymorph spell, wrapping the soldier in arcane bonds. Bryna wondered when she would be able to learn that spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Setting aside her curiosity, Bryna listened as the man began babbling rapidly as Jaina approached.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please\u8230\'85please\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he begged. \u8220\'93Lady Proudmoore. I didn\u8217\'92t mean to\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He broke off at Jaina\u8217\'92s cold glare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will tell us everything, Private Hendel,\u8221\'94 she promised. \u8220\'93Tervosh, bring him back to the keep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a nod, the arch-mage obeyed, and he and Hendel disappeared in an arcane shimmer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina looked between Bryna and her friends with a smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These are the friends you told me about, aren\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94 As Bryna nodded, the arch-mage seemed to reach a decision. \u8220\'93Tell her everything,\u8221\'94 she directed the others. \u8220\'93Then meet me back in the tower. We will see what we can learn from Hendel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a word of power, Jaina also disappeared, leaving Bryna alone on the path facing her friends. The fight over, Elthas had shifted back into his familiar panther form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a long story,\u8221\'94 Carolyn began.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery gestured to the road, indicating that they should start walking back to town as they talked, and Bryna fell into step easily. Between the soldiers who had fled but could return at any time, the ever-present wildlife, and the rumored Ogres further north, she would be happy to return to the safety of the walls of Theramore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they walked, Bryna listened intently as Carolyn and Kamery wove their tale of an investigation into a missing diplomat. The sisters\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 voices wove together seamlessly as they alternated parts of the story\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Carolyn\u8217\'92s soft tones contrasting with and complementing Kamery\u8217\'92s more clipped delivery. They took turns easily, often completing each other\u8217\'92s sentences.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had already told most of the tale to Elthas, Bryna realized, as they spoke of how the druid had come to Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rescue in Menethil Harbor, but even that practice didn\u8217\'92t completely explain the synergy between the sisters. She was as captivated by their connection as she was by their story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s captivation with the interweaving voices was abruptly shattered however, when they relayed what they had learned from Slim in Menethil Harbor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The King?!\u8221\'94 she interrupted, eyes widening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other three nodded, their expressions telling her that they had shared her shock when they had learned the dire news. Her eyes narrowed as she supposed that this was why Tervosh and Jaina had been so evasive earlier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind whirled with the shock, adjusting to the new information, as the walls of Theramore came into sight ahead. White walls, similar to Stormwind\u8217\'92s own, surrounded the island that the city was built on. A wide stone bridge crossed the narrow straight separating it from the swampy mainland.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they crossed the bridge, Elthas, having regained some of his natural playfulness, leaped lightly onto the low wall edging the bridge, navigating the narrow beam easily. The sisters quickly filled in the remaining details, of their voyage to Theramore seeking Hendel, and Tervosh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s directions to the watchtower.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind drifted as the story reached the part that she had arrived for. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 These plots and investigations aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t that recent, so who did Raynn deliver Trias\u8217\'92s report to? Trias can\u8217\'92t have known, not without saying anything to us, or the sisters later. At least Hendel seemed intimidated by Jaina. Hopefully she can get something from him\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 if he knows anything.}}