{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin Wrynn, disoriented and clad in his regal armor, walked through the bustling streets of a Canadian city, his eyes filled with a mix of wonder and confusion. The people around him moved swiftly, immersed in their daily lives, oblivious to the displaced prince from another realm.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Approaching a small park, Anduin noticed a woman sitting on a bench, engrossed in a book. Her vibrant red hair stood out against the muted tones of winter, and she wore a friendly, approachable demeanor. Summoning his courage, Anduin approached her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Excuse me, fair maiden," Anduin began, his voice carrying the weight of both regality and uncertainty. "I find myself in a realm unknown to me, and I seek guidance."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman looked up from her book, her green eyes widening with surprise at the sight of Anduin's imposing figure. "Whoa, you're not from around here, are you?" She closed her book, setting it aside.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin shook his head, his golden hair falling slightly over his armored shoulders. "No, I am not. I traversed a rift in the Shadowlands and emerged in this unfamiliar land. I know not its name or its ways."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman studied him for a moment, a mixture of skepticism and curiosity in her gaze. "Okay, this is probably some elaborate cosplay or a movie stunt, but just in case... What's your name?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I am Anduin Wrynn, Prince of Stormwind," he replied, his expression earnest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A bemused smile tugged at the corners of the woman's lips. "Anduin Wrynn, huh? Sounds like something out of a fantasy novel. I'm Lily. Nice to meet you, Anduin."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Likewise, Lily," Anduin nodded, offering a formal bow. "Might you guide me through this realm? I am lost and seek understanding."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lily chuckled, standing up from the bench. "Sure, Anduin. I'll play along. Let's grab a coffee, and you can tell me more about this Shadow-whatever and how you ended up here."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they walked toward a nearby caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9, Anduin marveled at the sincerity in Lily's eyes. A newfound companion in this unfamiliar world, he felt a glimmer of hope that he might navigate the complexities of this modern realm with her help.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}