{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sound of Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boots rang out on the polished marble floor of Stormwind Keep. The keep was even more imposing than the rest of the gleaming, white stone city, which had unsettled her so much on her first arrival four years ago that she hadn\u8217\'92t stayed long.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had come to learn about the city\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s history and inhabitants, on the advice of the two people who had mattered most to her. However, overwhelmed by the unfamiliarity, she had almost immediately escaped on the easy flight north to Ironforge; she had known of the extensive and well-maintained library in the Dwarven city, and her father had always spoken almost reverently about the blacksmiths there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even since returning to Stormwind a year ago, she often sought solace both in the smoky comfort of Stormwind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Dwarven district, and in the convenient escape provided by the new Deeprun Tram, connecting the two cities with Gnomish ingenuity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Refocusing on her current surroundings, Raynn wondered if it had all been worth it. The white stone wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t local; she knew that from her forays into the surrounding hills, searching for mineral outcroppings. She knew that it had been a statement, a testament to Human tenacity, after the original city had been razed in the wars decades ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rebuilt city was a gleaming symbol of the resilience of Humans. She wondered if the people of Westfall cared about symbols though, after their lands had been ransacked by the disgruntled Stonemasons, operating as the criminal Defias Brotherhood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn shook her head, her ponytail swaying. How had she allowed Kamery to draw her so far into this political intrigue? Foremost, of course, the Defias had needed stopping; they had been plotting to destroy the city. Furthermore, she had enjoyed the easy camaraderie of the group, as each had settled into their own role. Fighting together as they had cleared out the Defias hideout had been invigorating. True to their name, the Defias fought fiercely, even to the death, for their cause.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two guards in gleaming armor trimmed in blue enamel stood on either side of the entrance to the throne room. They watched her impassively as she entered. The vast, octagonal room was nearly empty, with guards stationed at regular intervals around the perimeter. Murmurs of gossip and whiffs of perfume\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not unpleasant, but exotic to Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s senses\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 drifted around the room from the handful of nobles standing by the walls. Banners in royal blue draped the white stone above their heads, blocking drafts and muffling sounds. Magni\u8217\'92s parting words echoed in her head, as the Dwarven King had bid her farewell. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Tread carefully, lass. The King is a good man, aye, but the nobles, they\u8217\'92re not what you\u8217\'92re used to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On a low dais in the middle of the room stood three people: on the right, a stern paladin in heavy, dark armor; on the left, a beautiful, dark-haired woman, her lips curled in a seemingly permanent look of disdain; in between them stood a boy of about ten, a crown on his blond head. Behind them, the throne stood at the back of the room, ornate and heavy, white marble gilded in gold. It was a stark contrast to the solid granite seat that Magni had sat on. As she approached, Raynn tried to reconcile this sight with what Magni had told her about the King of Stormwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boy inclined his head slightly, his voice carrying a polite courtesy that belied his young age. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greetings, warrior. I am King\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he stumbled slightly on the word\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93Anduin Wrynn. What may we do for you today?\u8221\'94 Anduin. Raynn had read about Varian\u8217\'92s young son, his mother killed when he was only a baby. She wondered what had happened to his father, but keeping Magni\u8217\'92s warning in mind, she said nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bolvar Fordragon, Regent Lord of Stormwind.\u8221\'94 The paladin introduced himself, his voice deep and smooth. With a gesture past the king\u8217\'92s head, he continued, \u8220\'93Lady Katrana Prestor, advisor to the King.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Prestor looked at Raynn with clear condescension. Her eyes caught sight of the papers Raynn carried. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a missive for us?\u8221\'94 She reached out her hand. Unable to politely decline, Raynn handed her the letter. Prestor slipped it in her pocket without a glance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A report on the Defias uprising,\u8221\'94 Raynn explained. Remembering Shaw and Trias\u8217\'92s warnings, she tried to choose her words more carefully than usual. \u8220\'93Their influence has spread even within the city.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Prestor waved a hand dismissively, and Fordragon stood unmoving. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Common rabble. They will be dealt with,\u8221\'94 the noblewoman scoffed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Lady\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attitude grated on Raynn, and she had to remind herself of Magni\u8217\'92s warning once more. She sensed the young king\u8217\'92s attention on her still though. Kneeling to look him in the eye, she addressed her next words directly to him. \u8220\'93Threats have recently been countered within the keep itself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The young king\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, emotions flickering through the blue depths. Gratitude seemed foremost, as he suddenly, impulsively, pulled a ring from the little finger of his left hand. The gold and sapphire signet was too big for him, and it came off easily. He held it out to Raynn. \u8220\'93I appreciate what you have done. Take this, as a token of my gratitude.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Surprised, Raynn accepted the heavy ring from Anduin. Magni had called Varian a good man, and it seemed the king had raised his son to be the same. Perceptive also, as he seemed to understand that her role had been more than a simple messenger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moment was broken when Lady Prestor put her hand on Anduin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder. The young king stiffened slightly. The noblewoman cleared her throat impatiently, but it was Bolvar who spoke, his words carrying the weight of authority. \u8220\'93You have delivered your message. Return to your master.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a final nod of respect to Anduin, Raynn stood and turned to leave. Yes, she would indeed return to her master\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not Shaw, with his unnervingly penetrating gaze\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but to Dane Lindgren at the forge. She flexed her new plate gauntlets, eagerly wondering which piece the blacksmithing master would have her work on next. She had nearly completed the set that would prove her skill to the grand masters in Ironforge.}}