{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Standing at the entrance to Onyxia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cavern, Carolyn paused to cast a fortification spell on her allies. She felt Elthas\u8217\'92s magic mingling with hers, bolstering them all. Jaina also cast a quick spell, and Carolyn felt her mind expand, increasing the power of her spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The brood-mother was sleeping, yet unaware of their presence. At the edges of the room, masses of spike-covered black eggs pulsed, reminding Carolyn of the similar clutches in Blackrock Spire. Remembering Vaelan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s warning, she wished that he had been able to join them, but the red dragon had been drained by his efforts in the Spire, and he had left them, to return to his own kind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pointing out the eggs, she implored her allies to stay clear. The brood-mother would be enough on her own; they did not need to be swarmed by angry whelplings also.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded her acknowledgment, but her attention never left the sleeping dragon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ready?\u8221\'94 Varian\u8217\'92s voice was low to not disturb the dragon; it was the well-modulated voice of a King, but now carried a hint of the rough impatience that Carolyn had come to know. He was waiting on their agreement though, and seemed content to allow Raynn to lead the battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s piercing blue eyes were on her now, breaking her out of her reverie, and she nodded. At Varian\u8217\'92s signal, Raynn charged in, waking the dragon with a blow from her shield. Her momentum carrying her forward, the warrior circled around at the back of the cavern. The maneuver left Onyxia\u8217\'92s flanks exposed to the blades of the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tactic had been discussed as they had planned back in Theramore; while they hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been sure of the exact layout of the lair, they had all agreed that turning the dragon herself would be more efficient than the entire group having to circle around her sweeping tail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well-prepared, Carolyn ran behind Raynn, wrapping the warrior in a golden shield as she went. Veering to one side of the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bulk, she halted within range of the entire group.}}