{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Several hours of undulating sand dunes later, they reached the cliffs overlooking Un\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92goro Crater. Pausing briefly to look out over the canopy of treetops forming a leafy ocean stretching into the haze in the distance, the group then began their descent into the shaded depths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they descended the winding path that led down into the lush green crater, the dry heat of Tanaris quickly yielded to the cooler, damper air of the jungle crater. Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whiskers twitched as he adjusted to the change, noting the rich variety of smells, both familiar and new. They were surrounded by sounds too, and his ears swiveled constantly, trying to identify and locate the various growls and chirps and clicks. He couldn\u8217\'92t wait to explore and find out what they all were.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the base of the path, they found a small encampment, occupied by a Tauren hunter, his grey-furred body clothed in a mail vest and leggings, with a rough battle axe strapped to his back. As Tauren were members of the Horde, and one of the most formidable races on Azeroth, they approached warily, but the Tauren greeted them warmly in the Common tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He introduced himself as Torwa Pathfinder, and seemed of similar mindset to Bryna, immediately speaking of the rich resources to be found in the crater. Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears perked up at the mention of rare hides, although the hunter warned them of the dangers of the crater and its creatures. Furthermore, he told them of a Human expedition that had settled into the northern part of the crater with their guard force of Goblins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Liking the sound of a relatively safe campsite, they thanked the Tauren and turned north, following the soaring grey granite walls of the crater. Raynn was delighted to find several easily-accessible veins of ore along their way, so it was late evening by the time they arrived at their destination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The encampment, the refuge of the Marshal expedition, was build on a series of plateaus leading up to and past a cave partway up the cliff-side. The lower ledges near the cave held several tents and lean-tos, occupied by a few Humans. Although rough-looking Goblins guarded the narrow, steep path, they allowed the group to pass without incident, directing them to the Human siblings who led the expedition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Williden Marshal and his sister Hol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92anyee were welcoming, apologizing for the rough conditions; their expedition had run into trouble when they had first arrived and they had lost many of their supplies. However, the brother and sister invited them to settle in to any free space, so they found a good-sized ledge near the top of the accessible area and made their camp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although they were still well below the foliage of the massive trees that dominated the lush crater, the air was cooler and drier. From their vantage point, they could look down over the primordial tar-pits directly below the refuge; thankfully, they were high enough that the sulfuric odors didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t reach them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Settling their bedrolls at the back of the ledge, they built a small fire-pit closer to the fern-lined edge of the cliff. After a short disagreement over who would sleep where, Elthas found himself comfortably positioned between Carolyn and Bryna, with Kamery and Raynn taking the more vulnerable outer places.}}