{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As time passed, the group\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bonds grew and strengthened, as they continued to learn more of each other\u8217\'92s abilities. Their days were spent in a mix of individual pursuits and working together to tackle the occasional tasks the expedition members asked of them. Many evenings, they would spend time sparring with one another to hone their combat skills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, one night, Kamery was jolted awake by Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pained cry fracturing the stillness. Instantly alert, she crouched, daggers in hand, scanning for danger in the dim light of the banked fire. The warrior was still asleep on her bedroll, although her face was drawn and pale in the amber glow. She cried out again, waking herself this time; her eyes were dark and haunted as she sat up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cries had woken the others too, and they slowly stirred. Beside the warrior, Bryna blinked sleepily, her burgundy hair tousled around her shoulders. It was odd seeing the mage without her hat, Kamery noted offhandedly, as she deftly resheathed her daggers and made her way over to Raynn\u8217\'92s side of the sleeping area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn joined her a moment later, circling around to kneel by Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, as Kamery crouched beside one plate-clad knee. Raynn, they had learned, was comfortable sleeping in full plate armor; more comfortable than taking it off, it seemed. On the warrior\u8217\'92s other side, Bryna was sitting up, and Elthas was kneeling across from Kamery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn became aware of them, and her face regained some color, flushing in embarrassment. Carolyn laid a gentle hand on the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94 the priestess asked softly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nightmare,\u8221\'94 the warrior answered shortly. Her left hand rubbed absently at her side and Kamery noticed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An old injury?\u8221\'94 the rogue asked, curious but keeping her tone neutral.}}