{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wind howled across the rocky terrain as Thrall, Grom, and Raynn rode toward the Thandol Span. The scars of battle were still fresh on the landscape, remnants of the recent struggle for freedom. Raynn, her gaze fixed ahead, felt a mixture of sorrow and determination. Grom, at her side, observed her in silence, while Thrall rode slightly ahead, focused on the path ahead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall turned to Raynn, his eyes reflecting the weight of their recent losses. "Raynn, I know this journey has been difficult for you. We've faced tragedy, but we must press on."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded, her grip tightening on the reins. "I understand, Thrall. My parents... they fought for a better future. I won't let their sacrifice be in vain."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom grunted in agreement, his orcish features etched with a mixture of sympathy and resolve. "Your parents were brave warriors. They'd be proud of the strength you've shown."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they approached the Thandol Span, the ruins of the once-grand structure loomed in the distance. Thrall guided his wolf to a halt, turning to face Raynn. "This span is a symbol of both the past and the future. We must bridge the gap between our peoples and forge a new destiny."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn met Thrall's gaze, a spark of determination in her eyes. "I'll do whatever it takes to ensure that future, Thrall. For the Horde, for my people, and for my parents."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom nodded approvingly. "That's the spirit, girl.  We'll overcome the challenges ahead, together."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a shared understanding, the trio continued their journey, riding toward the Thandol Span and the uncertain future that awaited them. The echoes of their resolve lingered in the air, a testament to the strength forged in the crucible of adversity.}}