{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile in Tanaris, Bryna floated just above the sand on her magic carpet, pausing to look out over the dunes. The sun was still rising, midway up the sky in the east, but already she could feel the heat rising from the sand as she looked around. She had covered much of the vast desert of Tanaris over the past few days, while Raynn had honed her blacksmithing craft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Troll ruin to the west had seemed intriguing, but that it was filled with undead Trolls. Further west and south, the buzzing of insects had deterred her from going further. She hated bugs. To the south, the desert stretched seemingly endlessly until it swept up against impassible mountains. Due east, she knew, was the town of Steamwheedle Port. But to the southeast, she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t explored those mountains yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mind made up, Bryna shifted her weight, sending the enchanted rug drifting forwards across the sands. The mountains rose up ahead faster than she had expected, and closing the distance, Bryna saw now that the small range was split by a valley leading almost due east up the middle. The ground sloped upwards gently into the cleft leading into the valley, and at the far end, she saw the darkness of a cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A roar overhead startled her, and she realized too late that she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exactly been paying attention to her surroundings. Pushing away her chagrin, Bryna brought a frost-bolt spell ready to mind, as she looked up to see a pair of dragons overhead. Their scales shimmered in the sun, echoing the color of the sand and stone, and they were arrowing directly down towards her. The spell faded away in shock, her heart pounding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let her pass,\u8221\'94 a rumbling voice sounded from ahead of her, and the dragons broke off, circling away just below the peaks surrounding the valley. Bryna looked up to see a massive dragon, far larger than those still circling overhead, emerging from the cavern. Walking at his side was a slender, blonde-haired Quel\u8217\'92dorei wearing a delicately woven robe that matched the dragons\u8217\'92 scales. The dragon stopped just outside the cave entrance, but the Quel\u8217\'92dorei continued, to stand before Bryna.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The blonde female studied Bryna for a moment, then glanced back over her shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is she the one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head tilted in curiosity, as she returned the perusal from beneath the brim of her hat. She\u8217\'92d never met a Quel\u8217\'92dorei before, although she could see the similarities to the more familiar Kaldorei. She\u8217\'92d certainly never met anyone who spoke to dragons before. Startled, she realized that the rumbling voice had been the dragon, as he spoke again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 rumbled the dragon. \u8220\'93She will help us.\u8221\'94 His faceted eyes gleamed red as they fixed on Bryna, but his unthreatening posture reinforced his words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92dorei looked back at Bryna, a polite smile softening her face. \u8220\'93Greetings, Bryna. I am Soridormi, prime consort of Nozdormu. This is Anachronos.\u8221\'94 She nodded towards the large bronze dragon. \u8220\'93Of course, you know none of us yet, but we will explain. Please, come with us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the three dragons looming over her, Bryna wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure how much choice she had. But, not in any immediately apparent danger, she was intrigued. How had they known her name? What had their brief exchange meant? She followed the bronze dragon into the cavern. The unassuming cave opened out into a wide passageway, that led in twisting spirals downwards. Sand continued to cover the ground in a thin layer, crunching lightly underfoot as they walked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tunnel was wide enough for Anachronos to stroll comfortably ahead of her and Soridormi; the massive dragon could have flown, had he wanted. As they reached the edge of the sunlight, he glanced back over his shoulder with a fang-filled expression. Although it could have been frightening, Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s familiarity with Elthas\u8217\'92s feline smiles made her shoulders relax. Reassured, the mage returned her attention to the dragon\u8217\'92s Quel\u8217\'92dorei companion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Soridormi indicated her body\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93is my visage, to facilitate communication with the mortal races. I am also of the Bronze Dragonflight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyebrows rose in surprise. She hadn\u8217\'92t known that dragons could assume other forms. Then again, she hadn\u8217\'92t known much at all about dragons. Until now, her only other experience had been the recent encounter with the firemane drake on Alcaz Island\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that she knew of, she realized, with a sideways glance at the Quel\u8217\'92dorei beside her. Her heart thudded at the thought, although she wasn\u8217\'92t sure if it was from trepidation, or excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they descended, the air cooled, with a light breeze blowing up from further down. Tucking her hair securely behind her long, pointed ears, Soridormi continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are charged with protecting the history of Azeroth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head tilted to one side, her eyes unfocusing briefly as she absorbed the information. It seemed that the different dragonflights\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how many were there, anyway?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had specific responsibilities. She briefly considered asking about the Black Dragonflight, but Soridormi gave her no chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92dorei\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed as she spoke. \u8220\'93Recently anomalies have begun to appear in the time-ways, disrupting the proper flow of history.\u8221\'94 Her tone was disapproving. \u8220\'93While we are dealing with the threats as quickly as we can, they are increasing in number, endangering all of time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soridormi hesitated, giving Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spinning mind a chance to catch up. She focused on just storing everything in her memory, to be properly analyzed later. As her mind worked, her eyes swept over the tunnel walls in fascination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stone was riddled with openings that seemed to lead to nothing, and everything. One moment they would be filled with swirls of indistinct energy, and the next open to a clear view of entire worlds floating through empty space. Although more intense and fluctuating, the glowing rifts brought to mind the feeling of traveling through a portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Her perusal was cut short, and Soridormi gathered herself, reluctantly admitting, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need assistance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Much like the energy of the rifts, questions drifted in and out of Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. Bronze Dragonflight? Time-ways? Anomalies? History threatened? She found herself unable to piece together a coherent sentence, and frowned at the uncharacteristic feeling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is a lot to take in, I know.\u8221\'94 Soridormi offered a sympathetic smile. \u8220\'93But Anachronos has seen that you will be of great assistance to us. We came to greet you when he told of your impending arrival.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wryly, although somewhat disconcertingly, Bryna realized that whatever they asked of her, she would agree\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 otherwise they wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been there to meet her. Although she still wasn\u8217\'92t certain what Soridormi meant by anomalies in time-ways, the concept did sound fascinating. A thrill ran through her at the possibility of visiting other times\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 perhaps even Dalaran, before it became a zombie-filled crater.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soridormi had spoken of time-ways in a way that sounded specific though; were they more like portals then, and only connected to certain paths? Disappointing, but the thought of traveling through time was still exciting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Bryna pondered the possibilities, unsure now what she should ask about, they reached the bottom of the winding tunnel. The passageway opened out into a vast cavern. Twisting ribbons of multicolored energy festooned the high ceiling. Ropes of color wound together, with loose threads and eddies fluttering at their edges, illuminating the spacious chamber. Bryna took a deep breath of the cool air, smelling the dry, dusty scent of the sand that still crunched under their feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A large platform dominated the open central area. A massive, stylized hourglass stood in the center of the dais, the sands within shifting up and down at random intervals. Anachronos took flight now, to glide up and settle beside the hourglass. His sparkling eyes still watched Bryna though, seeming to see everything she did, had done, or would do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More tunnel openings led out from the central chamber, each one twisting out through its own little landscape. Nearby were a thick spruce forest, a bleak, grey desert, and a deserted street in a Human city. In the distance, Bryna could glimpse even more varied terrains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Each of these\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Soridormi gestured to the miniature landscapes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93is a different time-way, each leading to a point in history that needs our attention. If any of these time-ways collapses, the world as we know it will end.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna looked around, her eyes widening at the number. In some of the landscapes, she could see three or four tunnels branching off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soridormi led Bryna past the deserted city street, to one of the further passageways, surrounded by a musty, brown-green swamp. Stunted trees covered with moss and lichen lined a muddy pathway, eerily lit by a ribbon of pink light winding through their branches. The damp air, a stark contrast to the dry desert, reminded her of Dustwallow Marsh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This leads to the Black Morass.\u8221\'94 The disguised dragon gestured to the tunnel beyond the swamp. Her fine, blonde brows drew together as she continued, \u8220\'93Our foes, the Infinite Dragonflight, grow more bold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna nodded, taking another deep breath to fortify her overloaded mind; the earthy smell wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t as refreshing as the desert air, but it helped settle her. Another dragonflight. The name Black Morass sounded familiar, but she couldn\u8217\'92t place it, until Soridormi spoke again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soridormi pressed on. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They plot to destroy the Guardian, Medivh, and prevent the Dark Portal from ever opening.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The words triggered Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s memory. The Black Morass had been where the Dark Portal had disgorged the Orcish Horde, twenty-five years ago. That Horde had swept across Stormwind\u8217\'92s lands, laying waste to the countryside, and finally destroying the city itself. Six years later\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the same year that Bryna had been born\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Wars had ended, but skirmishes between the Human-led Alliance and the Horde continued even to the present day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soridormi continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93While outwardly, this may appear a boon to the forces of the Alliance\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She gave a faint, humorless smile, and Bryna\u8217\'92s mind raced with the implications.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Foremost, of course, was that if the Horde never came through the portal, then the razing of Stormwind wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t happen. But, although she rarely read history books, as bygone events were\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 usually\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 already finished, she knew enough to know that the Horde had been instrumental in the victory over the Burning Legion in the Third War. Her heart clenched at the thought of what would have happened, had they not won that War.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is in actuality catastrophic and will result in your world ending,\u8221\'94 Soridormi concluded, her eyebrows raising slightly as Bryna nodded along with her proclamation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thinking about the somewhat more familiar history of the Horde and Alliance came more easily than cataloging dragons, and Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind had happily worked on the task. The statement was dramatic, but logical\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if not for all of the inhabitants of Azeroth, including the Horde, coming together, the demons of the Legion would have overrun and destroyed their world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soridormi frowned in the direction of the time-way. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have an agent, Sa\u8217\'92at, inside already, but the Infinite Dragonflight forces are too many in number. We cannot spare anyone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking into the passageway that twisted back into history, Bryna began to understand the enormity of the task of the Bronze Dragonflight. The interplay of events through time was an intricate game of dominoes, and this Infinite Flight seemed to be pushing over the wrong pieces. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need Anachronos\u8217\'92s foresight to know that she would do whatever she could to help keep history intact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Straightening her backpack straps on her shoulders, Bryna asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you need me to do?\u8221\'94 She was mildly amused to see that she had actually startled the Quel\u8217\'92dorei dragon with her response. Hadn\u8217\'92t Anachronos already predicted that she would help?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cross through this time-way, then speak to Sa\u8217\'92at. He is attempting to undo the damage, and will need your protection. Medivh must succeed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Bryna followed Soridormi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s direction into the swamp, she realized that if she were going to spend more time in the company of the Bronze Dragonflight, she would need to adjust her reading priorities.}}