{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile in Tanaris, Bryna floated just above the sand on her magic carpet, pausing to look out over the dunes. The sun was still rising, midway up the sky in the east, but already she could feel the heat rising from the sand as she looked around. She had covered much of the vast desert of Tanaris over the past few days, while Raynn had honed her blacksmithing craft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Troll ruin to the west had seemed intriguing, but that it was filled with undead Trolls. Further west and south, the buzzing of insects had deterred her from going further. She hated bugs. To the south, the desert stretched seemingly endlessly until it swept up against impassible mountains. Due east, she knew, was the town of Steamwheedle Port. But to the southeast, she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t explored those mountains yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mind made up, Bryna shifted her weight, sending the enchanted rug drifting forwards across the sands. The mountains rose up ahead faster than she had expected, and closing the distance, Bryna saw now that the small range was split by a valley leading almost due east up the middle. The ground sloped upwards gently into the cleft leading into the valley, and at the far end, she saw the darkness of a cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A roar overhead startled her, and she realized too late that she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exactly been paying attention to her surroundings. Pushing away her chagrin, Bryna brought a frost-bolt spell ready to mind, as she looked up to see a pair of dragons overhead. Their scales shimmered in the sun, echoing the color of the sand and stone, and they were arrowing directly down towards her. The spell faded away in shock, her heart pounding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let her pass,\u8221\'94 a rumbling voice sounded from ahead of her, and the dragons broke off, circling away just below the peaks surrounding the valley. Bryna looked up to see a massive dragon, far larger than those still circling overhead, emerging from the cavern. Walking at his side was a slender, blonde-haired Quel\u8217\'92dorei wearing a delicately woven robe that matched the dragons\u8217\'92 scales. The dragon stopped just outside the cave entrance, but the Quel\u8217\'92dorei continued, to stand before Bryna.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The blonde female studied Bryna for a moment, then glanced back over her shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is she the one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 rumbled the dragon. \u8220\'93She will help us.\u8221\'94 His faceted eyes gleamed red, but his unthreatening posture reinforced his words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92dorei looked back at Bryna, a polite smile softening her face. \u8220\'93Greetings, Bryna. I am Soridormi, prime consort of Nozdormu. This is Anachronos.\u8221\'94 She nodded towards the large bronze dragon. \u8220\'93Of course, you know none of us yet, but we will explain. Please, come with us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the three dragons, Bryna wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure how much choice she had. But, not in any immediately apparent danger, she was intrigued. How had they known her name? What had their brief exchange meant? She followed the bronze dragon into the cavern. The unassuming cave opened out into a wide passageway, that led in twisting spirals downwards. Sand continued to cover the ground in a thin layer, crunching lightly underfoot as they walked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tunnel was wide enough for Anachronos to stroll comfortably ahead her and Soridormi. The massive dragon could have flown, had he wanted, she thought, as he glancing back over his shoulder. He gave her an expression that would have been frightening, if she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t already used to Elthas\u8217\'92s feline smiles. Somewhat reassured, the mage returned her attention to the dragon\u8217\'92s Quel\u8217\'92dorei companion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they walked, Soridormi began to explain. She told Bryna that she was also a dragon, but she had assumed a mortal form to facilitate communication. She and the others were members of the Bronze Dragonflight, who were charged with protecting the history of Azeroth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind spun, as she absorbed the information, adding it to what little she knew about dragons. There wasn\u8217\'92t much to add to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only the recent encounter with the lesser member of the Black Dragonflight on Alcaz Island. She hadn\u8217\'92t realized there were more dragonflights, nor had she known that dragons could take mortal forms, or had specific responsibilities. There was so much to take in here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 from Soridormi\u8217\'92s words to the tunnel itself; Bryna focused on just filing everything in her memory for now, to be examined in detail later. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they moved deeper into the tunnel, Bryna couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but marvel at the walls around them. The stone was riddled with openings that seemed to lead to nothing, and everything; one moment they would be filled with swirling, indistinct energy, and the next open to a clear view across worlds. Although more intense and fluctuating, the glowing rifts brought to mind the feeling of traveling through a portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Much like the energy of the rifts, questions swirled through Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind, but she found herself unable to piece together a coherent sentence. Soridormi gave her no time to ask anyway, as she continued speaking. She told Bryna that recently threats had begun to appear in the time-ways, disrupting the proper flow of history. While the Dragonflight was dealing with the anomalies as quickly as they could, they needed assistance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anachronos had foreseen Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrival, so he and Soridormi had gone to the surface to meet her. Wryly, disconcertingly, Bryna realized that it didn\u8217\'92t matter what they asked of her, she was going to agree, or they wouldn\u8217\'92t have bothered going to meet her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Soridormi spoke, they reached the bottom of the winding tunnel, which opened out into a vast cavern. Ribbons of pink energy festooned the high ceiling, illuminating the cavernous expanse. They were deep below the Tanaris desert now, and the air was cooler down here, although the ground was still sandy underfoot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A large platform dominated the open central area, with a massive, stylized hourglass in its center; the sands in the glass shifted up and down at random intervals. Anachronos took flight now, to glide up and settle on the dais. His sparkling eyes still watched Bryna though, seeming to see everything she did, had done, or would do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More tunnel openings led out from the central chamber, each one twisting out through its own little landscape\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a thick spruce forest, a bleak desert, a deserted street in a Human city, and more. Soridormi led Bryna over to one of them, leading into a musty, brown-green swamp. Stunted trees covered with moss and lichen lined the pathway, oddly lit by a ribbon of pink light winding through their branches. The damp air, a stark contrast to the desert above, reminded her of Dustwallow Marsh. As they approached, she heard a frog croaking, but it fell silent as Soridormi spoke again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This leads to the Black Morass,\u8221\'94 the disguised dragon told Bryna. \u8220\'93Our foes, the Infinite Dragonflight, grow more bold.\u8221\'94 Bryna nodded, taking a deep breath to fortify her overloaded mind. Another dragonflight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soridormi pressed on. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They plot to destroy the Guardian, Medivh, and prevent the Dark Portal from ever opening.\u8221\'94 The Dark Portal, Bryna knew, had disgorged the Orcish Horde, some twenty-five years earlier. That Horde had swept across Stormwind\u8217\'92s lands, laying waste to the countryside, and finally destroying the city itself. Six years later\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the same year that Bryna had been born\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Wars had ended, but skirmishes between the Human-led Alliance and the Horde continued even to the present day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soridormi continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93While outwardly, this may appear a boon to the forces of the Alliance\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She gave a faint, humorless smile, and Bryna\u8217\'92s mind raced with the implications. If the Horde never came through the portal, then the razing of Stormwind wouldn\u8217\'92t happen, of course. But although she rarely read history books, as bygone events were\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 usually\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 already done with, she knew enough to know that the Horde had been instrumental in the victory over the Burning Legion in the Third War.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is in actuality catastrophic and will result in your world ending,\u8221\'94 Soridormi concluded, her eyebrows raising slightly as Bryna nodded along with her proclamation. Thinking about the somewhat more familiar history of the Horde and Alliance was easier than dragons, and Bryna\u8217\'92s mind had happily worked on the task. The statement was dramatic, but logical\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if not for all of the inhabitants of Azeroth, including the Horde, coming together, the demons of the Legion would have overrun and destroyed their world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking into the passageway that twisted back into history, she began to understand the enormity of the task of the Bronze Dragonflight. The interplay of events through time was an intricate game of dominoes, and this Infinite Flight seemed to be pushing over the wrong pieces. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need Anachronos\u8217\'92s foresight to know that she would do whatever she could to help keep history intact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you need me to do?\u8221\'94 Bryna asked, mildly amused to see that she had actually startled the Quel\u8217\'92dorei dragon with her response. Hadn\u8217\'92t Anachronos already predicted that she would help?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cross through this time-way, then speak to our agent inside, Sa\u8217\'92at. He is attempting to undo the damage, and will need your protection. Medivh must succeed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Bryna followed Soridormi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s direction into the swamp, she realized that if she were going to spend more time in the company of the Bronze Dragonflight, she would need to adjust her reading priorities.}}