{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery glanced up across the map table as the King approached. Standing beside her, Maxwell had shown her what they knew of the Dark Iron and Blackrock activity in the area. Most of it seemed centered around the Mountain itself, where both clans had settled after the Wars, although rarely at peace with each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems that Windsor has been taken to the depths of the mountain,\u8221\'94 King Varian stated. Raynn and Carolyn moved closer, to stand at the side of the table next to Kamery. With one hand, she showed them the area that the King referred to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maxwell shook his head sadly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s lost then. That\u8217\'92s the stronghold of the Dark Iron Dwarves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need a group of your finest men,\u8221\'94 King Varian instructed the Marshal, but Maxwell continued to shake his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All I have is what you see.\u8221\'94 The Marshal gestured around the small, nearly-deserted encampment. \u8220\'93Perhaps these adventurers?\u8221\'94 He nodded towards Kamery, Raynn, and Carolyn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The King frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery noticed Raynn stiffen, and braced herself, but the confrontation she expected didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come to pass. Instead, the tension was broken by an unexpected diversion. A familiar red hat drifted in through the open gate of the palisade. Bryna\u8217\'92s hat stood out even more in this dull and blackened landscape, and they all watched as she approached, waiting to hear the results of her journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mage was frowning as she rode her magical carpet through the abandoned village, with Elthas loping at her side. Knowing Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s usual ability to keep her expression bland, Kamery wondered just how badly things had gone in Lakeshire.}}