{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Illidan Stormrage stood resolute at the forefront of the forces pushing through the Legion-infested realms of Argus. Raynn, having witnessed his resurrection and understanding the gravity of their mission, fought by his side. The clash of blades and the roars of demons surrounded them as they pressed forward. In a moment of respite amid the chaos, Illidan turned to Raynn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Illidan:** Raynn, our fates are entwined in this battle. The Legion must fall, and we shall ensure it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Raynn:** (nodding) I've seen what you're capable of, Illidan. I trust in your vision for the future. We'll cut a path through these demons together.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Illidan:** (smirking) Trust is a rare commodity in this war. But actions speak louder than words. Watch closely, and you'll see the might of the Illidari.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As demons lunged at them, the duo seamlessly coordinated their attacks. Illidan's warglaives danced with deadly precision, while Raynn's blades cleaved through the demonic horde. The air crackled with fel energy as Illidan unleashed his demonic powers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Raynn:** (grinning) Not bad, Illidan. Maybe I've underestimated the Illidari.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Illidan:** (smirking) We are the hunters of demons, Raynn. The Legion will learn to fear our every step.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their journey through Argus was a relentless struggle, but the alliance between Raynn and Illidan proved formidable. With every demon felled, they inched closer to Antorus, the Burning Throne, where the final battle against the Legion awaited.}}