{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With satisfaction, Kamery watched as her friend won the respect of the watching Orcs. Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s understanding of their culture was impressive. She had seen the emotions in Raynn\u8217\'92s eyes as they had fought; so much more than just her usual protectiveness of Carolyn and her other allies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As word of the battle spread, the halls beyond emptied. Orcs hurried past them, ignoring them, or giving them glances of mingled respect and fear. They met little resistance as they followed General Drakkisath\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trail as he retreated now, through the very upper reaches of the spire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Across a long, narrow bridge, from which they could see the lower city far below, they reached the General\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lair. He awaited them at the far end of the long, rectangular chamber. Battling through his few remaining lesser dragon-kin defenders, they finally faced their quarry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Drakkisath fought furiously, and they found themselves set back on their heels. His breath weapon swept over them, heating Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s armor and singing Elthas\u8217\'92s fur, as Kamery rolled away, feeling the heat wash over her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A roar of draconic fury halted the dragonspawn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assault, as Vaelan transformed, becoming a massive red dragon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Vaelastrasz. He swiped out with one massive claw, knocking the General backwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rearing back, Vaelastrasz loosed a fiery breath. Unlike the breath of the Black Dragonflight, his breath washed over them with rejuvenating power, bringing healing and strength.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Vaelastrasz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flame seared away her wounds, Raynn growled in anger. Her shield slammed into the recovering dragonspawn, sending him stumbling back again. Bryna\u8217\'92s frost-bolt battered the reeling General; the mage hadn\u8217\'92t flinched during the fiery draconic exchange.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Drakkisath fell, and Kamery gathered drops of his sizzling black blood in her strongest vials.}}