{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mounting the steps to the upper tower in the SI:7 headquarters, Bryna briefly questioned her decision to come with Kamery, to report their findings on Alcaz Island. They had hoped that the rogue would be allowed to return with her to Theramore, and they could perhaps fulfill Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desire to return to Menethil Harbor, but had she really needed to come all the way to SI:7?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The answer to that question was standing at the window, of course. Bryna had heard about Mathias Shaw before, but only in hints and whispers. Nobody knew much about the man himself, and this was her chance to see him for herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw was half-turned, looking out the window still, as Kamery introduced Bryna. He was well-built, beneath his brown and blue-dyed leather, but of average height. With sandy brown hair, a neat mustache and goatee, and nondescript features, she felt that he could walk through the streets of Stormwind in broad daylight, and nobody would bat an eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unless they looked into his eyes, perhaps. Their perceptive gaze turned on Bryna now, and she wished she had kept her head down and her own eyes concealed. She wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t give him the satisfaction of hiding now though. He hadn\u8217\'92t dismissed the wild hat and lightweight vest and leggings, not one bit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nodding a greeting, he held up a hand to stop Kamery before she began her report. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Much has changed since you left,\u8221\'94 he warned, and his next words left them stunned: \u8220\'93Varian Wrynn has returned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna blinked, processing the information, and she could feel Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s confusion beside her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94 Bryna was the first to speak, and it earned her another assessing look from those blue eyes. She was still fitting the pieces together. Elthas had said that the rune circle had been used recently, but exactly how recently? \u8220\'93When?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw looked at her curiously. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m interested to hear your report,\u8221\'94 he mused. \u8220\'93Two days ago. He was ransomed by a group of Naga, although the public story is that the Defias were responsible. Lady Prestor handled the matter. You\u8217\'92ve only just missed the celebrations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna thought back to their walk through the city. People hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seemed much different\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 certainly not jubilant enough to have just welcomed back their King.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The ransom was steep. A new tax was just announced yesterday, to pay for it.\u8221\'94 Shaw answered her unasked question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened on Alcaz Island?\u8221\'94 Kamery asked, her tone pensive. She was still working through all the pieces too, Bryna realized, remembering Elthas\u8217\'92s telling of a scent that split in two before leading off the island.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s turn to be mystified now though, Bryna noted with some satisfaction. \u8220\'93Tell me everything,\u8221\'94 he ordered. \u8220\'93Starting with DeLavey.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention drifted as Kamery recounted the now-familiar tale, taking the time to look around Mathias Shaw\u8217\'92s office. The round room was moderately sized\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 large enough for meeting with small groups, but not so large as to be imposing or ostentatious. Windows let in fresh air and sunlight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and gave views of the city outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The desk opposite the window Shaw stood at was likewise moderately sized and plainly styled. Papers were stacked neatly on its smooth surface, with one sheet set at an angle in front of the chair, as though he had been midway through writing it when he was interrupted. A nearby quill, its tip still glistening, gave weight to that conclusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Had it been their arrival that had interrupted him, Bryna wondered. He had been standing by the window already when they had climbed the spiraling stairs that led directly into the office, but she had no doubt there had been plenty of eyes on them from the moment they had started across the wide lawn. Kamery, of course, would be a familiar sight here, but Bryna knew that her own red hat stood out among the black leather the inhabitants of this building preferred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The leader of those inhabitants was listening closely to Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tale now, although his eyes seemed constantly in motion. They moved carefully, casually, not darting about, but they managed to take in the entire office, both women now facing him, and much of the city outside as well, as Kamery spoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We returned to Theramore and told Lady Jaina what we had found.\u8221\'94 Kamery was nearly at the end of her tale. Shaw had listened to the whole thing without interruption. \u8220\'93She hadn\u8217\'92t gotten anything more from Hendel.\u8221\'94 Her voice was tight at the traitorous private\u8217\'92s mention and Bryna winced in sympathy; Kamery still felt badly about asking Carolyn to force his initial confession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery concluded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lady Jaina sent us back here to report to you. She will continue her investigation, and send word if she uncovers anything, but we reached a dead end.\u8221\'94 Her voice reflected her self-indictment for the failure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw turned to them pensively. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Naga must have seized Varian from Alcaz. Perhaps left some sort of false trail to confuse pursuers, like your Elthas. Unfortunately, the King doesn\u8217\'92t remember much from his abduction, nor does he want to speak of it.\u8221\'94 Shaw\u8217\'92s voice showed a hint of his disgruntlement at that fact. \u8220\'93For now, we must focus on the fact that he has returned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Seeming to notice Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s misery for the first time, Shaw raised an eyebrow at the rogue. \u8220\'93When I sent you to spend some time with your sister,\u8221\'94 he began, but then paused briefly. \u8220\'93I knew what DeLavey was investigating of course, but I had no idea you would uncover this much!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a brief chuckle, he clapped Kamery on the shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve done very well. And it sounds as though you and your sister and friends\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his gaze brushed over Bryna\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93have come together very well indeed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded, her eyes lightening at the mention of the others. Bryna wondered if it was just Carolyn, or if she included Elthas in that pleasure also. The two had only just returned from an incredible infiltration of a heavily-guarded island, and brought back interesting, if mystifying, information.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it\u8217\'92s been nice having a diverse group,\u8221\'94 the rogue included Bryna with her gaze, and the mage felt a rush of warmth. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve lost track of Raynn though.\u8221\'94 Her disappointment returned as she looked back to Shaw. There was something in that look, Bryna thought. Had Kamery\u8217\'92s connection to Raynn been more than a chance meeting?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perhaps she was reading too much into it though; their group had been a perfect balance, from Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shield to Carolyn\u8217\'92s healing, from Kamery\u8217\'92s daggers to her frost-bolts, but there would have been no way for Kamery, or even Shaw, to have known that Elthas would accompany Carolyn back from Kalimdor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and even if they had been aware of that year-long friendship, nobody could ever have predicted Elthas\u8217\'92s impulsive invitation to her in Darnassus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw nodded, regret coloring his features. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She seems to have disappeared for the time being.\u8221\'94 Bryna wondered just how closely Shaw had been watching the warrior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She said she was going to Ironforge,\u8221\'94 she offered, keeping her voice offhand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She returned,\u8221\'94 the spy-master showed his hand, \u8220\'93then almost immediately left, heading south, into Stranglethorn Vale.\u8221\'94 He was watching her carefully now though, she noticed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna blinked, absorbing that information. Stranglethorn Vale was a wild jungle, filled with vicious wildlife and bloodthirsty Trolls. What could the stoic warrior want there, she wondered. She thought she detected a hint of a smirk beneath Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thick mustache.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If there had been a smirk, it disappeared as the spy-master spoke again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kamery, before you rush off again, I think it would be wise to spend some time with Tony. He has a few new tricks to teach you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Kamery nodded and started down the stairs, Bryna glanced at Shaw. He saw the look and returned it with a smirk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lady Hawthorne, I would be enchanted to have your company while you wait.\u8221\'94 The suave spy-master gave a half-bow. Bryna\u8217\'92s amusement bubbled up; she suppressed the chuckle, but felt herself smiling at Shaw\u8217\'92s theatrics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At his gesture, she crossed to join him at the window. The view was spectacular. From here, she could see all the way across the city, from the Keep to the Cathedral to the Mage Tower.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw seemed to follow her gaze, and he offered her an escape. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you need to return to your trainers in the Tower?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna shook her head, charmed and amused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I learn most of my spells from books these days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, I see. There are a lot of books, aren\u8217\'92t there?\u8221\'94 His words made her heart swell at the thought. There were indeed so many books. Shaw chuckled, seeming to read her thoughts again. \u8220\'93You do intend to read them all, don\u8217\'92t you,\u8221\'94 he mused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna nodded, then returned her attention to the man beside her, meeting his perceptive eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something isn\u8217\'92t right, is it?\u8221\'94 she asked, and was satisfied to see a hint of surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw covered his reaction quickly, but he admitted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. It all makes sense, but Varian doesn\u8217\'92t remember anything about his abduction. That alone leaves questions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If those questions need answering\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She trailed off. Shaw had an entire organization of covert operatives who could answer those questions, of course, but she was certain there was a reason he was encouraging Kamery\u8217\'92s continued association with Carolyn, Elthas, and herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw confirmed her suspicions. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My agents are capable of much, but some tasks require a more\u8230\'85well-rounded group.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If only we had our shield still. Or perhaps another would do?\u8221\'94 She slanted him a questioning look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw laughed aloud. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed. Raynn intrigues me,\u8221\'94 he admitted. Gesturing at the training yard below, he explained, \u8220\'93I first saw her down there. Her fighting style was unusual. So I asked Kamery to find out more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pleased to have gotten a straightforward answer, Bryna filed the information away. She knew little of warrior styles, only that Raynn had been very adept at drawing their enemies\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 attention, and Carolyn had seemed to have an easy enough job healing her. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 So easy that she went in with her staff swinging!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  She wondered if the warrior would return to Stormwind, or if they would even be here to see it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if in answer to her musing, Shaw asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What were your plans after this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Carolyn wanted to return to Menethil,\u8221\'94 Bryna shrugged. \u8220\'93She said there were people there in need of assistance. It seems as good a place as any to explore and make some coin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyebrows rose, and she wondered if he knew just how much coin she already had. She was quite adept at identifying and selling items of value in the trading houses around the lands. But he only said, \u8220\'93Good. It would behoove the four of you to gain more experience working together.\u8221\'94 With another glance out of the window, he added, \u8220\'93Kamery should be about done with Tony now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna nodded, accepting the dismissal with a tip of her hat. She caught the sparkle in Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes as she descended the staircase. He was charming and perceptive, and she enjoyed matching wits with him, but she understood now why Raynn had such an aversion to the man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The aversion was certainly one-sided; Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disappointment at Raynn\u8217\'92s disappearance had been palpable. Bryna had found the group\u8217\'92s adventures invigorating, fulfilling her need for novelty without her having to run away from friends for once. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I wonder how Raynn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s doing. Stranglethorn Vale indeed! They don\u8217\'92t even have any books there.}}