{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let us try first,\u8221\'94 Kamery said, also thinking back to finding Ironfoe. \u8220\'93Perhaps we can do this without bringing the entire city down on us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although she momentarily looked as impatient and eager for combat as Varian once had, Raynn nodded shortly. The warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nerves had been on edge facing the Blackrock Orcs on their way through the outer garrison. Kamery knew that Raynn found peace in the immediacy of combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rogue smiled behind her bandanna. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If one has the gemstone on them, we may need your sword,\u8221\'94 she offered, eliciting a chuckle from the warrior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a faint smile, Vaelan pulled a rolled up parchment from a pocket, offering, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This may help.\u8221\'94 He unrolled it, revealing a carefully annotated map of the multi-level Orcish city. Studying the map, Kamery realized that more than just Orcs lived in the lower reaches; they would be facing Ogres, Trolls, and Dragonspawn as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vaelan had marked the locations of the various clans that occupied the city, and now he pointed out the abodes of the three who possessed the gemstones. Elthas had moved closer to study the map also, and after a few moments to commit the lines to memory, they were ready.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After applying poisons to her daggers, Kamery slipped into the shadows, with Elthas shifting into panther form to join her, and they set off towards the first location, the inner chamber of War Master Voone of the Smolderthorn Trolls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The initial squared hallway at the entrance led quickly to a rougher pathway leading down. Stone flagstones covered the floor, but in places it had buckled and ridges of bare stone cut across their path. Braziers supported on four-legged stands were scattered along the path, lighting their way. Although the air was still and stale, it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel as oppressive as the depths had; the temperature was more moderate also.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To their left, the stone wall rose up unevenly, but to the right, it dropped off precipitously, and Kamery could see a river of magma far below. Across the chasm, she could see the straight-edged walls of the other parts of the city, extending all the way down almost to the level of the magma, with walkways and bridges connecting them on various levels. The walls were built from massive blocks of stone, with embossed steel girders reinforcing the corners and edges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The walkway they were on now was occupied by groups of dark-skinned Orcs, patrolling up and down, or stopping to talk while looking out over the city. Weaving their way past the members of the Dark Horde, Kamery and Elthas crossed a rope bridge, turned to the right, then crossed another bridge. They moved slowly to prevent their weight from causing the bridges to sway or the wooden slats to creak beneath them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they reached the solid stone to the far side, Kamery breathed a sigh of relief. The pair turned right again. A squad of Orcs, resting on hides beneath a canopy in the corner, noticed nothing as they slipped past silently. Before long, they reached the crevice in the floor that Vaelan had indicated as a shortcut to the lower levels. Ignoring the plank bridge that crossed it, they dropped down lightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slipping past several Trolls, they reached the side chamber where War Master Voone lived. The Troll was alone, so Kamery silently drew her dagger, and with the hilt, rendered him unconscious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Swiftly, they searched the chamber. The gemstones were magical, and Elthas was able to pick up the scent, in the War Master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pocket. Carefully, Kamery retrieved the glowing, orange stone without rousing the Troll, and the pair slipped back the way they had come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From Voone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chambers in the lowest levels of the city, they followed a winding, climbing path up to the area occupied by the Ogres. Unlike the intermingling Orcs and Trolls, the Ogres seemed to keep to themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Highlord Omokk was surrounded by guards, but fortunately, his sparkling, white gemstone was hidden in a cache at the rear of the chamber, and Kamery was able to retrieve it without alerting the Ogres, who seemed occupied by a rousing game of dice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Making their way cautiously past crevices filled with skittering scorpids, Kamery and Elthas reached the office of the third gemstone warden\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Quartermaster Zigris of the Bloodaxe Legion of Orcs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas peered around the chamber cautiously, but shook his head; he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sense the gemstone. Kamery moved up to incapacitate the Quartermaster, hoping to search his pockets more thoroughly, but he was more alert than most Orcs, and spotted her, swinging his heavy mace at her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Caught by surprise, Kamery caught the blow with her upraised left arm, feeling the bone crack; the arm fell to her side with a cold numbness. Adrenaline surged through her, fueling her desperate determination. With her right hand, she drew her dagger, slashing at the Orc\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s midsection. He fell back, and her dagger only scored his leather vest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rejuvenating healing filled her, as Elthas quickly shifted out of feline form; almost immediately, he dropped back to all fours\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not as a panther, but as a bear. With a roar, he drew Zigris\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As her arm mended, Kamery drew her second dagger with her left hand, and applied both daggers with deadly effect to the Orc\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exposed back. She heard the thud as Zigris\u8217\'92s weapon landed on Elthas\u8217\'92s shoulder, but the bear only roared in anger, swiping at the Orc with his paw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Orc was a canny fighter, and after Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s first strike, he turned, backing into a corner, so she could no longer strike him from behind. Between her and Elthas though, he couldn\u8217\'92t block or parry all of their strikes. Her daggers once more found an opening, slicing open his bare upper arm. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wound wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t particularly incapacitating, but it was enough for her poisons to flow through his blood. Weakened, the Orc fell under Elthas\u8217\'92s next swipe. Kamery finished him off with her daggers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Regrouping, she turned to Elthas. His head was bowed, his breath rough and strained. Blood matted the grey-brown fur of his shoulder, just above the tattooed runes. Kneeling beside him, her heart still racing, Kamery fumbled in her pack for a bandage, but he shifted back to Kaldorei form, drawing nature magic once more. Before she could stand, he sat down facing her, his face still drawn as the slow healing began its work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The druid drew in several more breaths, as his bleeding shoulder began to mend, then he looked at her and grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Next time, maybe we should bring Raynn and Caro.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery laughed, relaxing, glad to see him once more his cheerful self.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I couldn\u8217\'92t sense the gemstone before. Does he have it?\u8221\'94 Elthas brought her attention back to their mission. He stood, the healing almost complete, and shifted back to feline form. Examining the body, he shook his head. \u8220\'93Not here?\u8221\'94 The Kaldorei voice coming from the panther\u8217\'92s throat sounded confused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery looked around the room. It was filled with boxes and crates, and she knew that sometimes containers could be shielded to hide powerful magical artifacts. She began opening what she could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A chest in the corner was locked, so she pulled out her lock-picks. Working carefully, she felt around inside the lock. There was a tripwire, but she could disable it, and finally the lock clicked open. Lifting the lid of the chest, she revealed the final, gleaming, red gemstone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slipping the gem into her pocket with the other two, she and Elthas returned to the others.}}