{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The moon hung high in the Draenor sky, casting a silver glow over the rugged landscape surrounding Lunarfall. Raynn, the resolute commander of the Alliance Garrison, surveyed the activity below. The campfires flickered, and soldiers went about their duties, preparing for the challenges that awaited them beyond the safety of their stone walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian Wrynn, the imposing King of Stormwind, strode purposefully through the garrison grounds. His presence commanded attention, his armor gleaming in the moonlight. As he approached Raynn, the air seemed to carry the weight of unspoken tensions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Commander," Varian greeted with a nod, his piercing eyes meeting Raynn's.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Your Majesty," Raynn replied, her gaze meeting his without hesitation. She respected his rank but refused to let it overshadow her commitment to the mission.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian's eyes lingered on her, and he couldn't help but notice the strength that emanated from Raynn. Her straightforward demeanor, a stark contrast to the political intricacies of Stormwind, left him both intrigued and, at times, unsettled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn's voice broke the silence, "We're preparing for the next assault on the Iron Horde. Our forces are ready, and we won't let them advance any further."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian nodded, his jaw clenched. He respected Raynn's determination but found her lack of deference irksome. Tiffin's memory lingered, a subtle ache that colored his interactions with strong-willed women.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I've heard reports of Horde activity in the vicinity," Varian said, his tone measured. "We must remain vigilant. The Horde cannot be trusted."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn's brows furrowed, a flicker of disagreement in her eyes. "Respecting our allies is crucial, Your Majesty. We share a common enemy in the Iron Horde. Let's not undermine that unity."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian's gaze hardened, his anger simmering beneath the surface. He valued strength, but Raynn's unwavering belief in the Horde tested his patience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Strength comes from unity, Commander," Varian asserted, his voice carrying the weight of Stormwind's legacy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn met his gaze unflinchingly, her response unwavering. "Unity, yes, but not blind hatred. We can be strong without succumbing to the same darkness we fight against."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian's jaw tightened, the tension palpable. Raynn's words echoed in the quiet night, a reminder of the ideological divide that lingered between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Varian turned to leave, his gaze lingered on Raynn, a complex mix of admiration and frustration. In the moonlit silence of Lunarfall, their differences stood stark, yet an unspoken understanding lingered\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an acknowledgment of shared strength and a shared burden in the face of Draenor's trials.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}