{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Carolyn and Elthas assisted in repelling the Naga incursions at Feathermoon Stronghold, their sense of adventure was only fueled further. Whispers of powerful magic and ancient lore in the Ogre stronghold of Dire Maul reached their ears, but caution prevailed, and they deemed themselves not yet ready for such a challenge.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guided by Elthas's restless spirit, they journeyed eastward, exploring the vast landscapes of Thousand Needles and beyond. Their travels eventually led them to the bustling town of Gadgetzan, where they were pleasantly surprised to find Raynn and Bryna.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, having nearly completed her blacksmithing training, greeted them warmly. "Well met! I've been honing my skills in Tanaris. How have your adventures been?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas chuckled. "We've been exploring the wilds, encountering everything from curious wildlife to the occasional harrowing foe."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna, with her knack for finding excitement, joined the conversation. "And I've become a bit of a local expert on Zul'Farrak. Those trolls really know how to throw a party!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery, having strategically neutralized the Dark Iron threat in the Badlands, received a message from Mathias Shaw advising her to sharpen her skills further before delving into the Searing Gorge. The seasoned rogue suggested she rejoin her sister and friends in Tanaris, and perhaps venture into the mysterious Un'Goro Crater.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Upon Kamery's arrival, the group shared tales of their respective adventures, forming a dynamic ensemble of skills and experiences. The prospect of exploring Un'Goro Crater together loomed on the horizon, promising new challenges and discoveries for this eclectic group of adventurers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the dimly lit confines of SI:7 headquarters, Kamery entered Mathias Shaw's office, her presence emanating a blend of confidence and stealth. The seasoned rogue looked up from his maps, acknowledging her entrance with a nod.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Kamery, good to see you. I trust your mission in the Badlands went smoothly?" Shaw's sharp gaze met hers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery inclined her head. "Indeed, it did. The Dark Iron leadership is in disarray, at least for now. I managed to eliminate their leader, causing enough chaos to disrupt their plans."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw nodded in approval. "Good work, Kamery. You've proven your skills once again. The Dark Irons won't be causing us trouble for a while."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery's expression remained impassive. "I'm glad to have been of service, Shaw. What's the next move?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw leaned back, steepling his fingers. "Your work has been impressive, but I want you to hone your skills further before delving deeper into the Dark Iron territory. There are whispers of trouble in the Searing Gorge, and I believe you should be more prepared for what you might find there."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery listened intently, her mind already calculating the possibilities. "Understood. I'll continue to sharpen my skills. Any specific areas I should focus on?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw paused, considering. "Stealth and subtlety will be crucial. Work on refining your ability to infiltrate and observe without detection. We may need you to gather intel in more sensitive locations."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery's eyes gleamed with determination. "Consider it done. I'll be ready for whatever lies ahead."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw offered a rare smile. "I have no doubt. In the meantime, I've received word that your sister and her companions are in Tanaris. Join them, strengthen your bonds, and explore the mysteries of Un'Goro Crater. It'll be good for you."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded, appreciative of the guidance. "Thank you, Shaw. I'll keep you updated on my progress."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Kamery left Shaw's office, she felt a sense of purpose. The challenges ahead were formidable, but with the support of her sister and their eclectic group of friends, she knew she could face whatever awaited them in the ever-unfolding tapestry of Azeroth.}}