{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li540\fi-180\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Context for this session: I have written and am now revising a novel based in the Classic World of Warcraft universe, following typical player experiences. In subsequent messages, I will be providing parts of the story and asking for feedback on my writing. My writing style is closer to Kevin Hearne than J.R.R. Tolkien. Keep in mind that this is just one chapter or scene in a longer novel. Only give advice that is relevant and applicable to the text\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 do not offer generalized advice or best practices. Do not offer suggestions or rewrites.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Notes to keep in mind:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - I do not like overly flowery language, and especially not portentous foreshadowing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - I write from limited third-person perspective (from the five main characters only), and usually try to avoid rapid-fire changes in perspective, so each scene will only show one character's thoughts and feelings, along with their observations of other characters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Do not give general advice; only mention things that are applicable to the current passage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Do not offer rewrites of content. I want to do the revisions myself but would appreciate guidance on areas that could be improved. Only provide specific pointers or highlight sentences that might need attention.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The story so far has introduced five main characters: Raynn, a blunt female Human warrior with a troubled past; Kamery, a pragmatic and curious female Human rogue who works for SI:7; Carolyn, a kind and determined female Human priestess and Kamery's twin sister; Elthas, an enthusiastic and optimistic male Kaldorei druid; Bryna, a pragmatic and mercenary female Human mage who has a quick mind and often gets restless.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Looking for feedback on the writing, and the consistency of NPC characterization with known WoW lore (Classic era). Keep in mind, Varian at this time is two separate and distinct people.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - please analyze sentence fluency and pacing. If there are any specific areas that could use improvement, please point them out (but do not offer suggestions, I would like to do the rewriting myself); do not offer generalized advice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - As an editor, please review the following novel excerpt for both strengths and areas for improvement. On a scale of 1 to 10 how would you rate it? Be candid and objective in your feedback.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Please give feedback on this excerpt for clarity, descriptiveness, characterization, pacing, transitions, and sentence structure. Only give advice that is relevant and applicable to this text\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 do not offer generalized advice or best practices. Do not offer suggestions or rewrites.}}