{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rattle and clank of the Mirage Raceway faded behind them as Carolyn and Elthas headed south. A shout rose up over the mechanical noises, as another race finished. Carolyn smiled at the memory of the animated\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and occasionally agitated\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 discussions between the various groups of engineers. She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t realized before that there were different schools of thought in the profession, but after several days of listening to debates on gadgets versus explosives, she understood a little. She and Elthas had stayed at the Raceway for several days, resting and watching the daily races between the mechanical vehicles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had their bearings again, having found a friendly Goblin willing to share a map\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for a price, which they had gladly paid. The raceway hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been the town that Elthas had supposed, but that lay just over the mountains to the south. They had also bought water, enough for both of them, plus Carolyn\u8217\'92s mount. Her coin purse was much lighter now, and with a flash of gratitude towards her sister, she hoped that Kamery had been successful in selling her kingsblood. Bryna had certainly seemed confident enough, and the mercenary mage seemed well-acquainted with making money.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas ran at her side, and she wondered if it bothered him that he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lope ahead anymore. He had always seemed to cover at least twice as much ground as she did on any given journey. His new cheetah form paced her moonsaber perfectly. She smiled down at the mottled orange and black form, remembering his disgruntlement with the appearance. He still preferred the sleek black panther, and she found herself agreeing with him.}}