{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Heading towards Theramore now, Raynn trudged through the tangled undergrowth of northern Dustwallow Marsh. It seemed worse than she remembered, with the damp ground sucking at her iron boots at each step, every movement accompanied by loud squelching and the smell of damp decay. In Ratchet, she had sold off some of her old armor to pay for a horse. The mount had sped her way down the coastline of the Barrens. Unfortunately, upon entering the swamp she had found that it was faster to proceed on foot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her weary eyes caught a glimmer of white stone ahead, giving her hope that her trek was almost at an end. Watchtowers lined the road leading to Theramore, she knew, and hopefully the road was still in good repair so she could ride the rest of the way into town.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The guards at the tower gave Raynn a curious glance as she emerged from the swamp, but otherwise paid her no heed when she turned onto the road. Calling her brown horse once more, she mounted and rode southeast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before long, Theramore\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s main gate came into view. Raynn felt a brief moment of panic as the old feeling of rejection rose up, but taking a deep breath of the crisp, briny air, she quelled it with her newfound resolve. She knew that Jaina had sent her away for her own protection and growth; she knew now that it hadn\u8217\'92t been personal. Four years later, fully grown and better trained, she knew she was more than capable of protecting herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passing into the familiar town, she wondered if much had changed in the time she had been gone. The tower was still there, a solid, comforting presence in the middle of town. The travelers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 inn stood to the left of the entrance, warm light spilling from its windows. No longer a resident of the town, she would be  staying there tonight; previously she had lived in the other inn, near the docks, but it was for townspeople only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beside that other inn, beyond the blacksmith\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, stood the stable, so Raynn directed her horse in that direction. As she passed the the rounded building that housed the forge, a tumult of emotions and memories flooded through her, swirling and drifting like the smoke rising from the forge\u8217\'92s wide chimney.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Almost five years ago, she had first come to Theramore, still recovering from injury. After enduring two months of healer-enforced inactivity, she had recovered enough to work a forge, but the town\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blacksmith had refused to apprentice her. The smith, Marie, had deemed her too young, but Raynn, at almost fifteen, had been a full year older than the lad Marie had taken on only a few days later. Knowing that her Dwarven training had surpassed the boy\u8217\'92s knowledge, Raynn had been frustrated and furious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she brought her horse to the open-fronted stables, Raynn patted the sturdy animal, settling it in to one of the stalls. The rhythmic thuds of steel on wood echoed from the training yard of the citadel across town. The sound brought back memories of pouring out her turbulent adolescent feelings into the wooden training dummies, when she had finally been allowed to resume combat training.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her muscles tensed and flexed lightly, echoing the movements that ran through her mind. The soldiers of the garrison had been appalled at the barrage of blows, calling it a loss of control, but every movement had been precise and balanced, practicing the techniques learned from Grom Hellscream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn turned back along the road, retracing her steps past the blacksmith\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. She brushed off her memories of Marie just as easily as the crisp, rustling straw had brushed the remnants of the dark mud off her boots. Memories of Grom, however, were not so easy to dismiss, and she felt her throat tighten at the thoughts of her one-time protector and mentor. Bound by a blood oath to protect her, he had fought fiercely against the bloodlust in her presence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not long before they had sent her away to Stormwind, Thrall had told her of Grom\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sacrifice. She had still been unconscious from her injury when he had freed himself, and all of the Orcs, from Mannoroth\u8217\'92s control, using the last of his strength to destroy the pit lord. Despite her grief, her heart lightened at the knowledge that he had died reclaiming the honor that he had always shown her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Avoiding the dark path begun by thoughts of Grom\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s honor, Raynn forced her thoughts back to Theramore as she turned up the path towards the tower entrance. Her fingers brushed over the scar on her side, a reminder of the injury that had brought her into Jaina\u8217\'92s care. She wondered what might have happened to her if she hadn\u8217\'92t been hurt, but Thrall had been right; she would never have found a home among the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Theramore\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s soldiers, at least, had taken her in and taught her, she realized, with one last, dismissive glance at the smithy. And the Dwarves in Ironforge had taught her more about blacksmithing than she ever would have learned here; she was certain that her skill surpassed Marie\u8217\'92s now. She had learned to move past old resentments, so she turned her attention to the doorway leading into the tower, her steps lightened by her new appreciation of Jaina\u8217\'92s friendship.}}