{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna looked around the bustling Trade District from under the brim of her red hat. Wide streets paved in white stone radiated out from a large intersection. To the south, the main gates of Stormwind loomed, the portcullis raised in this relatively peaceful time. Alert guards stood to either side of the gates, although she knew that these days, their duties mainly consisted of giving directions to confused visitors to the city. Small shops lined the streets, signs offering everything from armor and weapons to cheese and wine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Casting a longing glance at the trading house, the mage thought wistfully of her days spent buying and selling magical items and reagents, always for profit of course. She was still with Elthas and Carolyn though, and wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t desert her new friends to ply her trade. Idly, she wondered how long this friendship would last. Her restlessness, never allowing her to remain in one place for long, had always disrupted any nascent bonds before they could truly take root. However, something seemed different with these two, and their other, blade-wielding, companions. The five had come together so well in just a short time, and it left her longing for more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her gaze caught sight of the two familiar figures now, approaching the central intersection where she and the two healers waited. They were walking in silence, a distant look on Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. Bryna straightened, and Elthas took notice, loping over to the approaching pair to bring them back to the group. She and the others had decided to move to this more central location after the warrior and rogue had left them at the Stockades; it was along the route, so they had been hopeful of a reunion here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery glanced around, her eyes lingering on the cheese shop, of all places. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m hungry,\u8221\'94 the rogue announced, unexpectedly. She gestured to the cheese shop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Trias Cheese, that sounds good.\u8221\'94 Something in the warrior\u8217\'92s voice hinted at more than just cheese though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bemused, Bryna followed the pair, as all five entered the shop. She knew of Elling Trias by reputation; the man had opened his cheese shop a decade ago, and stocked both local and exotic varieties. A bell jingled overhead as they pushed open the door, and their noses were greeted with the aromas of a bewildering number of cheeses. Elthas sneezed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey,\u8221\'94 the shop owner barked. \u8220\'93No animals!\u8221\'94 An imposing figure, with a black leather eye-patch over his right eye, Trias stood cross-armed behind a wide counter at the back of the store. The whitewashed wall behind him was framed by darker wooden supports, which anchored several shelves laden with blocks and wheels of cheese from all over the known world, and perhaps even beyond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn frowned, retorting, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a druid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mollified, the shop owner backed down. Black hair, as long as Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own shoulder-length locks, complemented a drooping black mustache. \u8220\'93How can I help you?\u8221\'94 he asked, looking the group over, his gaze lingering disapprovingly on Carolyn\u8217\'92s battered and stained robes. Bryna sighed inwardly; she needed to get the priestess to her parents\u8217\'92 shop, and soon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery stepped closer to the counter, ignoring the wheels of aged cheddar on the wooden surface between them, as she spoke in a low voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shaw sent us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trias heaved an exasperated sigh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re kidding? Not again\u8230\'85 Elaine!\u8221\'94 he called out towards a back room. A stout blonde woman in blue overalls emerged. Taking in the scene, she nodded in understanding, and smoothly took Elling\u8217\'92s place behind the counter. Muttering discontentedly under his breath, he beckoned the group towards a staircase leading upwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mounting the stairs, Bryna noticed that the wooden railing under her hand was worn and smooth. They were far from the first visitors to be directed this way. Elling and Elaine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reactions had also indicated as much. She tried to remember if she knew anything about his past, but came up blank. His reputation among the merchants of Stormwind began and ended with his shop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reaching a cramped room at the top of the stairs, Elling turned on the group, fixing his glare on Kamery. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does Shaw want now? Of all the nerve\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery met his bluster with a cool look as she answered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve uncovered Defias activity in the city. They seem to have connections with Lord Lescovar, through an assassin named Maelik\u8230\'85or Marzon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elling\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression hardened. \u8220\'93Defias, you say? What will you tell me next, that Deathwing is still alive? All right, tell me everything, from the beginning. Don\u8217\'92t leave anything out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn told the story, relaying their actions and Thelwater\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words with practiced brevity. Kamery interjected occasionally when she felt the warrior\u8217\'92s terseness was omitting important details. Neither mentioned the details of the confrontation with Thedd; Raynn only coldly stated the outcome. Elling listened intently, not interrupting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they finished, he nodded. His attitude had settled down now, and he was gruffly businesslike as he calmly stated, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What you need to do is divvy out a form of justice that\u8217\'92s not\u8230\'85legal. Lescovar and Marzon need to be dealt with, and swiftly. An old friend of mine, Tyrion, has been watching Lescovar for a couple weeks now. He should be able to help you end this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not legal. Bryna drew a breath at that as her mind readjusted. He was right, of course. A nobleman was too powerful to confront directly. With the corruption in the House of Nobles, they wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t persecute one of their own, no matter the evidence\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and both of their key witnesses were now dead.}}