{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we may,\u8221\'94 Kamery broke in, keeping her voice steady and respectful. \u8220\'93What brings you out here?\u8221\'94 She had only heard fragments of gossip during her previous visits to Stormwind, but she had gotten the impression that the King had been markedly self-centered and frivolous since his return, more concerned with spending his people\u8217\'92s money on elaborate parties than with caring for affairs of state.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King Varian barely seemed to hear the question; he was still studying Carolyn with bewilderment. Ignoring what she had learned was a typical reaction to her multi-faceted sister, Kamery took the moment to study him more closely in turn. She dredged up the memories of the glimpses that she had had of the King during her training at the SI:7 headquarters in Stormwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His face was unmistakable, although the scars were new, but his armor looked closer to something she would expect on an Orc, with the single spike-covered pauldron and bared arms, than the full plate favored by Stormwind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s soldiers and King.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are seeking Marshal Reginald Windsor,\u8221\'94 the King\u8217\'92s companion told them, breaking into her analysis. \u8220\'93I am Broll Bearmantle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Kaldorei was tall among the Humans, taller even than Elthas, Kamery thought. Briefly recalling a conversation in Un\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92goro Crater, the rogue realized that his branching antlers were a sign of powerful druidic abilities. Broll was unarmed and clad simply, in plain brown leather, save for a pair of wide pauldrons that seemed to be fashioned from the claws of some massive beast. Deep emerald green hair, mingling with his thick beard, cascaded down to his shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The introduction seemed to ask for reciprocation, so Kamery briefly introduced the three of them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We haven\u8217\'92t met the Marshal here yet,\u8221\'94 she admitted, wondering if Windsor was the recently-missing Marshal, or his replacement. \u8220\'93We were sent to thin out the black dragon-kin out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Broll looked around at the nearly empty plains. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems you have done well at that.\u8221\'94}}