{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I moved through the shadows, my demonic runes casting an eerie glow in the darkness as I tracked Tichondrius through the Ashenvale forest. The haunting whispers of the trees concealed my presence, and I stumbled upon a gruesome scene\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a slain orc patrol lay strewn across the forest floor, victims of the dreadlord's merciless assault.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the midst of this carnage, I discovered a lone survivor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a human warrior, pinned to a tree by Tichondrius's cruel spear. The dreadlord loomed over her, poised to deliver the final blow. The sight, a stark reminder of the vulnerability that mortals faced in the war-torn world, gave me pause.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tichondrius, unaware of my presence, was about to end her life when my blades, shimmering with demonic energy, found their mark. A swift, calculated strike severed the dreadlord's connection to this world. Tichondrius crumbled to the forest floor, defeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I stood amidst the aftermath, faced with a choice\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 continue my relentless pursuit of demons or extend an unexpected mercy to the mortal before me. The conflict within me mirrored the chaos of the forest, torn between the path of the demon hunter and the complexities of mortality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I approached the wounded human, the glow of my demonic runes casting an otherworldly light upon her pale face. Her eyes widened in a mix of fear and awe as I reached for the cruel spear pinning her to the tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Stay still," I commanded, my voice edged with a stern determination. The words held an unspoken weight, acknowledging the fragility of her situation. As I removed the spear, the young warrior winced, the pain etched across her features.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Who... what are you?" she managed to stutter, her eyes flickering between my demonic form and the now lifeless body of Tichondrius.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That matters little. What matters is you're alive," I replied, hastily tearing a strip of cloth from my tattered cloak to fashion a makeshift bandage. The forest around us seemed to hold its breath as I tended to her grievous wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Rest now, mortal. This world is far more perilous than you could have imagined," I added, my gaze penetrating hers with an unspoken warning. The demonic energies swirling around me served as a testament to the dangerous path I tread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Illidan melted into the shadows as he left the young warrior near Splintertree Post. The power surging within him from the Skull of Gul'dan still echoed in his senses, a constant reminder of the risks he had taken. He watched from the concealment of the dense foliage as the orcs discovered her, their shouts echoing through the night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn lay unconscious, the pallor of her face stark against the shadows of the forest. Thrall, the orc Warchief, rushed to her side as the sentries alerted him. The chieftain attempted to channel shamanistic healing, the green energies flickering around his hands. The power of the Horde's leader was potent, yet the wound inflicted by the demon's spear proved stubborn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Concern etched Thrall's brow as he witnessed the limited success of his healing attempts. Raynn's breathing remained shallow, and her features reflected the struggle between life and the encroaching darkness. The orc leader, driven by both duty and a newfound empathy, continued his efforts to mend the grievous wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn's fate teetered in the balance, a delicate dance between the life she clung to and the darkness that sought to claim her.}}