{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After regrouping, they made their way along the ramp to the ornately embossed brass door that blocked the upper reaches. As Vaelan approached with the Seal, the door split down the middle, swinging open to reveal the chambers beyond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn watched the red dragon carefully. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t entirely sure how much effect her healing had had on him, but thought that he had added some of his own magic. He seemed recovered now, at least, as he led them into the vestibule behind the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The floors were paved with large flagstones, set in geometric patterns of light and dark stone. Flickering torches set in sconces on the walls lit the room, adding a smoky tinge to the pungent aroma of spices coming from crates stacked along the walls. The walls themselves were made of well-fitted stone bricks that echoed the dual-tone pattern of the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alcoves set into the walls of the vestibule held enchanted runes, and one at a time, they cleared out the Orcs guarding the runes, and Vaelan deactivated them. At the last, another sealed door at the far end of the room swung open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Through the second door, a short ramp led upwards, into a large chamber filled with Orcish summoners, working binding spells on a flame elemental. At their intrusion, the summoners\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 concentration faltered, and the elemental broke free. Between Carolyn\u8217\'92s friends and the elemental, the summoners were quickly dispatched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The elemental proved somewhat more of a challenge, and not for the first time that day, Carolyn found herself wishing that Raynn had been able to work on the dark iron armor she had recently learned how to make. Her enchanted mithril armor was highly effective against physical blows, but the heat of elemental attacks completely ignored the armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The elemental itself lacked armor though, which made it vulnerable to Kamery and Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attacks, and Bryna\u8217\'92s frost-bolts were devastating against the flame. As the elemental fell, Carolyn peered into the next room. It was filled with dark, pulsing eggs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Carefully, now,\u8221\'94 Vaelan cautioned. \u8220\'93They are ready to hatch, and the whelplings will be hungry. Although small, they could easily overwhelm us.\u8221\'94 He led the way through the clutch of eggs to a ramp leading upwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After another room filled with Orcish soldiers, they passed into a smaller side tunnel. Although the narrow tunnel led in several directions, one ended in a sharp drop-off, and another was barred. The only option was into a large arena with balconies overlooking it from either side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they cautiously crossed the deep chamber, the door they had come in slammed closed behind them. A guttural laugh came from one of the balconies above, as two figures entered from one side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first was a large, cruel-looking Orc stood watching them. His skin was dark ash-grey and face was covered with criss-crossing scars, leaving him with only one red-glowing eye. Although his head was bald on top, long braids of white hair fell forward over his shoulders, matching his neatly-trimmed beard. His red-dyed armor was lightweight, except for heavy, spike-covered pauldrons, and he carried a polearm with a long, wicked single blade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent,\u8221\'94 he yelled at them in Common, \u8220\'93More fodder for my legions.\u8221\'94 On the balcony across from him, more Orcs filtered in to watch the spectacle, as Carolyn\u8217\'92s friends gathered protectively around her. Raynn\u8217\'92s head swiveled as she watched for approaching threats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Following the Orc, and towering over him, was a large black dragonspawn. Even larger than Wyrmthalak below, he was similarly armored in red dragon-scale. Vaelan attempted to cast a fireball, but it fizzled as it struck an invisible shield surrounding the balcony. The dragonspawn chuckled, a deep, ominous sound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let not even a drop of their blood remain upon the arena floor, my children.\u8221\'94 The dragonspawn, General Drakkisath, ordered, as the wide gate at the far end of the arena creaked open, and several Orcs marched through, accompanied by a group of black whelplings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn charged forwards to engage them, as the others moved to attack. Carolyn settled into her role, healing the warrior, while also watching the whelplings. As one strayed too close in its swooping attack, she struck it from the air with her staff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the first group was dispatched, a second group of Orcs joined the fray. Their attacks were weak though, and once again, Carolyn and her friends were victorious. As a third group entered, the Orc leader grew increasingly agitated, pacing back and forth along his balcony.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fools,\u8221\'94 Drakkisath yelled at his soldiers. \u8220\'93Kill the one in the dress!\u8221\'94 He spoke an unfamiliar, sibilant language, but Carolyn could understand his words; obviously so could the Orcs and whelplings, as they swarmed towards her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frost rooted most in place, while Raynn, Kamery, and Elthas continued to cut them down. Carolyn frowned up at the balcony, seeing the General\u8217\'92s eyes fixed on her. She swatted away another whelpling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This cannot be!\u8221\'94 General Drakkisath glowered as more of his soldiers fell. \u8220\'93Enough of this! Rend, deal with these insects.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With pleasure!\u8221\'94 The Orc Warchief leaped down into the arena, landing in front of Carolyn. \u8220\'93I will tear your spine out with my bare hands!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn stepped back, dodging out of range of the swing of his polearm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not bare hands,\u8221\'94 she mumbled in annoyance. Most foes had the decency to ignore her efforts, preferring to focus on her allies who were actively damaging them. This Orc\u8217\'92s attention was vexing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn intervened, raising her shield to block the Orc\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s next swing, but he was too focused on Carolyn, and she could not hold his attention. Backtracking, the priestess felt her foot hit a rock, and she stumbled, losing her balance. The Orc\u8217\'92s one eye flared with triumph.}}