{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn stood on the walls of Lunarfall, the cool Draenor breeze tugging at strands of her auburn hair. The moon cast a soft glow over the garrison, and in the distance, the stars adorned the night sky like diamonds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian approached, his presence commanding attention even in the quiet of the night. She could feel the weight of his gaze on her, a magnetic pull that she couldn't deny. The tension between them, born of differences and unexpected attraction, lingered in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Commander," Varian's voice was deep, resonating through the stillness. "It's a quiet night."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn turned to face him, the moonlight revealing the lines of determination etched on her face. "Quiet, but not still. Draenor is full of life, even in the shadows."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian nodded, his eyes never leaving hers. "You're a capable leader, Raynn. Your people respect you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A hint of a smile played on her lips. "Respect is earned, King Wrynn. It's not given freely."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped closer, the distance between them diminishing. "True. Anduin speaks highly of you. Considers you a friend."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Anduin sees the potential for peace," Raynn replied, her gaze unwavering. "Something I believe in."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian's eyes flickered, a mixture of emotions crossing his face. "Peace is a delicate thing. It requires strength to uphold."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn sensed the complexity in his words, a reflection of the burdens he carried. "Strength comes in many forms, King Varian. Sometimes, it's the strength to understand and find common ground."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He studied her, a silent acknowledgment of their differing perspectives. In that moment, the attraction between them hung in the air, a force that neither could easily dismiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Raynn," Varian's voice softened, a rare vulnerability seeping through. "You're not what I expected."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She met his gaze, her own eyes reflecting a myriad of emotions. "And you're not what I expected, either."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moon cast long shadows as Varian reached out, his fingers gently tracing the outline of her cheek. The touch sent a shiver through her, a response to the unspoken connection that lingered between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Perhaps there's more to both of us than meets the eye," Varian mused, his thumb brushing against her skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn felt the pull, the magnetic force drawing them closer. In that quiet night on Draenor, beneath the watchful eyes of the stars, they stood at the precipice of something uncharted, guided by the enigmatic dance of attraction and understanding.}}