{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Splitting the attention of the remaining six apparitions between them, Raynn and Broll stood back to back in the center of the room. Although she cast occasional glances over to check on Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s prisoner, Raynn focused most of her attention on the three before her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She and Broll worked well together, their collaboration honed by the battles up to this point. Her world narrowed to the fight surrounding her, revolving around the attention of her foes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery, Elthas, and Varian also worked together well, focusing their attacks on one target at a time. Much like elementals, spirits connected to the mortal plane could be harmed by their enchanted weapons. While the damage would not destroy them utterly, it would banish them temporarily, and all six Summoners\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spirits were dispatched in turn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As her breathing and senses returned to normal, Raynn turned to the seventh Summoner. Although his eyes glowing red and angry within his chains, the spirit bent to Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s will in reluctant cooperation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am forever denied the touch of stone,\u8221\'94 the ghostly Dark Iron Dwarf lamented, his non-corporeal voice echoing oddly. \u8220\'93I will never again know the glory of shaped iron\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell us your secrets,\u8221\'94 Varian demanded, his voice resonating with royal authority mixed with the fading adrenaline of battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dark Iron Dwarf smirked within the chains. Although he was bound, his will was strong and he was not entirely submissive. One translucent arm left a faintly glowing trail as it gestured to the sepulcher behind him, and Raynn saw a golden chalice atop it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wish to learn the craft? You wish to learn to smelt dark iron?\u8221\'94 he challenged. \u8220\'93Appease me then; show me a sacrifice and I will consider it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she listened to the Dark Iron Dwarf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spirit list his requirements, Raynn\u8217\'92s heart sank. The list included rare and expensive gems and ingots, and Bryna had been insistent on selling almost everything of value.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Digging into her bags anyway, Raynn was surprised. She did indeed have all of the requested items. She looked up at the mage, to find an enigmatic smile dancing on the full lips under the red hat brim.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaking her head at the depths of the mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knowledge, Raynn placed the precious items into the chalice. Almost immediately, they shimmered and disappeared, and she felt a surge of knowledge flood through her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May your skills in working dark iron serve you well, Raynn.\u8221\'94 The ghost addressed her by name, although they had never spoken their names to him. \u8220\'93But do not let your knowledge corrupt you\u8230\'85as it corrupted us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the ominous warning, the apparition became ethereal, then faded away completely. The golden chains dissipated, leaving Carolyn to sag into Kamery and Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s supportive arms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian took Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention. \u8220\'93Did you learn what you needed?\u8221\'94 the King asked her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a nod, the warrior added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The ore must be smelted here, in the depths of the Mountain. There is a special forge nearby.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grimly, Varian accepted the information. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then our path is twofold. We must acquire this metal, and retrieve Ironfoe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps,\u8221\'94 Broll broke in, \u8220\'93it may be best to split our efforts. The Imperial Seat is well guarded, and to go in with force would likely bring the entire city down on us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The druid smiled, but shook his head, at Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s look of eager acceptance. \u8220\'93There are those among us who could venture there with less attention. Perhaps we should investigate quietly, while you accompany Raynn to this forge.\u8221\'94}}