{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Six months later, as he had once promised, King Varian Wrynn of Stormwind led the gathered forces of the Alliance into the Molten Core to confront Ragnaros, the Elemental Lord.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Watching the King as they approached the shimmering entrance to Ragnaros\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s abode, Carolyn couldn\u8217\'92t help but compare him to the rough warrior she had struggled to heal on their previous visit to these magma-lit tunnels. Although Varian had been forceful and commanding then, he had been so rough and impatient that it had been easy to see him as a man, rather than royalty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man leading them now though, was undeniably a King. Although he still eschewed a shield, in favor of a two-handed sword, his body was now covered by full plate armor of gold-trimmed steel, adorned with the lion of Stormwind. His dark hair was still roughly tied back, and his stern face still scarred, but those details were overshadowed by his presence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He led the assembled forces with regal aplomb, consulting his tacticians, then decisively directing their movements. Over the past months, the King had dedicated himself to undoing the damage wrought by Onyxia and the Black Dragonflight, and Stormwind thrived. Through Kamery, Carolyn knew that the King had enlisted Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s aid in combating the corruption in the House of Nobles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The spy-master was with them now, though, accompanied by some of his agents. Several of them had just returned from scouting the upper reaches of the Core, and they were reporting their findings to the leaders of the assault force. As they finished, the King looked up; as his eyes met hers, he offered a familiar smile. The moment was fleeting, as he had an army to mobilize, but it warmed Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart.}}