{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the shadow of a battered tent, Grom Hellscream stood tall, his brow furrowed as the weight of his recent actions settled upon him. Before him lay the lifeless forms of Ellis and Lysandra, a grim tableau of the cost of liberation. Thrall's questioning gaze bore into him, demanding an explanation for the mercy killings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "They were near death, Thrall," Grom grumbled, his voice heavy with the burden of the recent events. "Beaten. I offered the man a quick end. Before he died, he made me swear to find and protect his child."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall's expression shifted to a mix of concern and skepticism. "A child, Grom? In the midst of our war-band? It is no place for a human. They won't survive among us. We are on a mission to liberate our people."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Grom, anchored by the weight of a promise, held firm. "Thrall, it's a matter of honor. A blood oath. I won't break it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Thrall hesitated, Grom's thoughts delved into the gravity of the situation. The blood oath weighed heavily on his conscience, a solemn commitment made in the midst of suffering. "A blood oath, Thrall," he reiterated, knowing that such pledges were not to be taken lightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall, acknowledging the solemnity of the oath, finally relented. "Very well, Grom. But the risks are great. We must be cautious."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they rode towards the Thandol Span, Grom's mind echoed with the echoes of the orcish code of honor. The promise to protect Raynn reverberated within him, a pledge forged in the crucible of war, setting the course for a journey fraught with uncertainty and duty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}