{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Jaina spoke, Bryna moved to the left of the door and leaned against the wall near the hearth. From below the brim of her hat, she studied the assembled group as they settled in. Her friends, already well-known to her, were presently secondary to the others seating themselves around the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think it was by chance that Shaw sat across from the door, facing the opening. At his right, Varian sat closest to Bryna, with his back to the hearth. Jaina sat near where she had descended, across from the King. Across from Shaw, Marshal Windsor took the final chair, looking every inch the Stormwind soldier he was, in his recovered armor and with Ironfoe hanging from his belt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Broll took up a post on the other side of the door from Bryna, with Raynn beside him. Kamery and Carolyn had moved to the back of the room, standing across from Bryna on the other side of the hearth. Elthas stood nearby, and Bryna noticed Shaw shift slightly, so that the druid remained in his peripheral vision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She knew that he trusted them, yet habits were hard to break; the man did not like to miss anything. A self-deprecating smirk teased her lips, as she noted her own position and observations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Shaw.\u8221\'94 Varian nodded to the spy-master, before turning to Jaina. \u8220\'93What have you discovered since we last parted? Time is of the essence, and we need to know what we are up against. We must confront the impostor and rid Stormwind of the Black Dragonflight influence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m afraid it\u8217\'92s not that simple,\u8221\'94 Jaina shook her head regretfully. \u8220\'93The man on the throne now is not an impostor.\u8221\'94 Her declaration sent shock around the room, eliciting more than one sharp inhalation. Standing a bit straighter herself now, her attention heightened, Bryna saw Varian\u8217\'92s face harden with anger and denial.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina forestalled his protest with an upraised hand as she continued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I believe that I have found the spell that was used on Alcaz Island.\u8221\'94 She cast a glance at Bryna and her friends; their investigations had uncovered the rune circle used in that spell. \u8220\'93The spell was meant to remove certain traits from its target, but it backfired, and instead created two distinct individuals.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beyond Varian, Elthas murmured, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The split trails.\u8221\'94 From the corner of her eye, Bryna caught Broll\u8217\'92s approving nod as the younger druid\u8217\'92s confusing report was finally explained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian looked from Jaina to the druid and back again in confused disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you saying that I am\u8230\'85half of one man?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow furrowed as she tried to explain. \u8220\'93Yes and no. While parts were separated, you have been able to fight past the spell, and live a whole life. The two of you, you are both Varian Wrynn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This complicates matters.\u8221\'94 Shaw frowned, adding, \u8220\'93Of late, it seems that Prince Anduin has come to the same conclusion. He has accepted the man on the throne as his father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words, Varian turned to him in protest. \u8220\'93Why would he believe this now? Magni told us that Anduin had doubts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw spread his hands in a rare admission of unknowing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A few days ago, on a hunt, Anduin was unhorsed, and Varian\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the other one\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 saved his life. Since then, Anduin has trusted him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands clenched on the table in front of him at the mention of danger to his son. \u8220\'93We must stop this.\u8221\'94 He tensed, ready to push back his chair and storm the city immediately.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anduin is a perceptive young man,\u8221\'94 Raynn broke in, surprising them all, and possibly even herself. As her eyes unfocused with memory, she did not elaborate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once again, Bryna wondered exactly what had happened on the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s visit to the throne room so many months ago. She saw her curiosity reflected in the eyes of Elthas and the twin sisters; Raynn had shared much with them of late, but that particular afternoon had never come up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes also lingered thoughtfully on Raynn, even as he reassured Varian. \u8220\'93Anduin is unharmed. Bolvar reports that this other Varian seemed to want to tell them something, but Lady Prestor stopped him. He seems enthralled by her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lady Prestor,\u8221\'94 Windsor interjected, straightening even more in his chair, \u8220\'93is none other than the Black Dragonflight brood-mother herself, Onyxia.\u8221\'94 A thread of tension wound through the room at the name. Windsor had already shared this information as they had left the Blackrock Depths, but hearing the name spoken aloud was still chilling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened slightly, then narrowed in thought as Jaina nodded slowly. The arch-mage spoke thoughtfully. \u8220\'93That explains a lot. She would have been in position to exert influence over you, manipulating events in Stormwind in her favor. However, as your attachment to Anduin grew, her hold weakened. This spell was her attempt to regain control. Rather than being destroyed, that severed willpower became\u8230\'85you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Without willpower, the man in Stormwind is vulnerable to Prestor\u8217\'92s manipulations once more, it seems.\u8221\'94 Broll frowned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We must unmask her and put a stop to this,\u8221\'94 Varian insisted once more, slamming his fist down on the table. \u8220\'93Windsor has the proper incantation.\u8221\'94 Windsor nodded in confirmation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We do not know how deep the Black Dragonflight infiltration has gone,\u8221\'94 Shaw warned, one hand angling up in warning. \u8220\'93We must be cautious. Have you discovered the identity of any others, Marshal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Windsor shook his head, his shoulders slumping slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If there are any, they are likely lesser dragonspawn or drakonids. I only discovered the identity of the one dragon herself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Windsor spoke, Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fists clenched and unclenched on the tabletop in front of him. \u8220\'93Can we rely on Fordragon\u8217\'92s cooperation?\u8221\'94 the King asked, his voice tight with impatience. Fordragon\u8217\'92s refusal of aid to Lakeshire had rankled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He has moments of doubt, and they seem to be growing, but he is also under her spell, I believe.\u8221\'94}}