{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lily's heart pounded as the portal's energies enveloped her, unexpected and overwhelming. One moment, she was standing alongside Anduin and Dr. Sparks, and the next, she felt a disorienting whirlwind of colors and sensations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The transition was swift and disconcerting. Lily stumbled out of the portal on the other side, landing on unfamiliar cobblestone streets. Blinking away the residual dizziness, she took in her surroundings. The architecture was grand and medieval, nothing like the bustling cityscape of her world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Where are we?" Lily wondered aloud, glancing around with a mix of awe and confusion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dr. Sparks emerged from the portal shortly after, her expression mirroring Lily's astonishment. "Well, this wasn't exactly what I had in mind. Azeroth, huh? This is incredible!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin, recognizing the unintended passengers, approached them with a mixture of concern and gratitude. "I didn't mean for this to happen. You both shouldn't have been pulled into this."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lily managed a small smile, trying to ease the tension. "No worries, Anduin. We're here now. Let's just figure out how to get back, okay?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they navigated the foreign streets of Stormwind, Lily marveled at the towering structures and the fantastical atmosphere. She couldn't help but feel a sense of excitement despite the unforeseen circumstances.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dr. Sparks, ever the curious inventor, examined the portal device with a furrowed brow. "I need some time to recalibrate and figure out what went wrong. In the meantime, let's explore this world! I've never seen anything like it."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin, still burdened by the responsibility of his realm, sighed. "I appreciate your enthusiasm, but we need to resolve this as quickly as possible. Azeroth is facing threats, and I cannot afford to be distracted."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lily, torn between the fascination of this new realm and the urgency of returning home, nodded in understanding. Together, they embarked on a journey to find a solution, their bonds strengthening amidst the challenges presented by the melding of worlds.}}