{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna floated lazily on her back in the cool water. In the shelter of the islands, the water was calm, with only slight waves and the salty scent to remind her that she was in an ocean. Overhead, the sun was shining warmly, and she reflected that Theramore was well-located, if not for the swamp that surrounded it on land. She had tipped her hat forward slightly to shade her eyes as she relaxed, but now, she cracked open one eye to look over at Kamery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rogue was treading water nearby, next to Renn. The helmeted SI:7 diver seemed inexhaustible, and Bryna wondered how long he had been out here. Beyond them, Carolyn was more relaxed, near the rocky outcropping that they were using to shield themselves from the view of the Defias on the nearby island. All three were looking anxiously towards Alcaz Island, focusing on the open sea between, where Elthas was searching for the Defias cargo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas had only been gone twenty minutes, Bryna calculated; her internal sense of time had been well-honed keeping track of polymorph spells. Not long enough to be worried yet, she decided.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you going to do after this?\u8221\'94 she asked, hoping to provide a distraction. Perhaps she was hoping for some inspiration herself also, she had to admit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rogue turned in surprise to meet her one open eye. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean? We have to find\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She trailed off, perhaps unsure how much Renn knew about their quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna nodded impatiently. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but after that.\u8221\'94 At Kamery\u8217\'92s look of confusion, she expounded, \u8220\'93After that, he\u8217\'92ll be back\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she edited out \u8216\'91on the throne\u8217\'92 for Renn\u8217\'92s sake\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93in Stormwind. Then, what will you do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn was watching with interest, so Bryna opened her other eye and included the priestess in the question with a raised eyebrow. Carolyn looked at Kamery, her expression hopeful, but stayed silent to hear her sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s answer first.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t miss the look and gave her sister a rueful look. \u8220\'93I suppose Shaw will have something else for me to do.\u8221\'94 She spread her hands across the surface of the water in a helpless gesture. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m still pretty junior; I don\u8217\'92t have much say in where he sends me. It was nice working with you though.\u8221\'94 That was directed at Carolyn, but then she included Bryna and Elthas with, \u8220\'93and meeting your friends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn smiled her gentle smile, and Bryna was glad to see that the priestess was her usual peaceful self again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel the same. Perhaps we can spend some time in Stormwind\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She trailed off, her eyes returning to the open expanse of water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery understood; she seemed to understand the druid well, although they hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t known each other long. \u8220\'93I can ask for an assignment outside the city,\u8221\'94 she offered. \u8220\'93Before all this, I was running messages from Westfall to Redridge.\u8221\'94 She returned her attention to Bryna. \u8220\'93Not very exciting, I\u8217\'92m afraid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna smirked slightly, acknowledging the rogue\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perceptiveness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn had a pensive look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If Shaw doesn\u8217\'92t have anything for you right away, there were a lot of people in Menethil who needed help. I saw it both times.\u8221\'94 She frowned in self-chastisement. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like to return there sometime. And maybe spend more than half a day in the town.\u8221\'94 She laughed a little.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna had heard the story of Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s excited rush to get to Darnassus. She hadn\u8217\'92t understood the priestess\u8217\'92s obsession with the Kaldorei city, but she well understood the desire to go somewhere new. Although, she knew that she would have taken the time to see the sights along the way\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or just learned the teleportation spell, she admitted to herself, realizing that she had never seen Menethil or the Wetlands either.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry to interrupt,\u8221\'94 Renn\u8217\'92s echoing voice broke in, \u8220\'93but I believe your friend is returning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A sleek, silver-grey shape glided swiftly up to them from the depths. Elthas broke the surface as he approached, his wiry whiskers twitching as he drew in a breath. Around his body, he had managed to loop the straps of a large satchel, weighted down with several lock-boxes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In short order, the two SI:7 agents loosened the satchel, unlocked the boxes, and started riffling through them, as Elthas drifted over towards Carolyn.}}