{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sun dipped low over Raynn's Garrison, casting long shadows across the training grounds. The clang of steel echoed as Raynn sparred with her iconic weapon, Shadowmourne, its dark aura adding an ominous touch to the dance of blades. Varian Wrynn stood at the edge of the training area, watching with a keen eye.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian: Impressive as always, Raynn. That weapon of yours is a sight to behold.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, catching her breath, offered a nod of acknowledgment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn: Thank you, Your Majesty. Shadowmourne has served me well.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian: (smirking) Don't go easy on me now. I didn't come all this way for a leisurely stroll.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn grinned, the dark runes on Shadowmourne reflecting the dimming sunlight. She prepared for another round, the air charged with anticipation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian: I've been thinking, Raynn. About Anduin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, focused but attentive, arched an eyebrow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn: What about him, Your Majesty?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian: (parrying a strike) He's a pacifist in a world that seems to revel in conflict. Sometimes, I can't help but worry.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn: (lunging) Anduin's strength lies in his convictions, not in a sword. He believes in a better way, even when the world disagrees.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian: (blocking) A better way, yes. But I can't help but wonder if he'll face a world that refuses to see reason.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn: (sidestepping) Anduin's strength isn't just in his beliefs; it's in his ability to inspire change. You've seen it, Your Majesty. He's not afraid to challenge the status quo.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian: (counter-attacking) True, but this world can be unforgiving. I worry about him facing the harsh realities that we, as warriors, understand all too well.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn: (parrying) Anduin has allies. He has you, and he has the Alliance. We'll stand by him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their blades locked for a moment, both warriors catching their breath.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian: You're right, Raynn. He's not alone. And he has warriors like you to look up to.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn: (smiling) And you, Your Majesty. We all play our part.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian acknowledged the sentiment with a nod, a silent understanding passing between them. The sun dipped lower, casting a warm glow over the Garrison, as Raynn and Varian resumed their sparring \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a dance of blades that mirrored the complexities of the world they sought to protect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With growing sexual attraction:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Garrison at Lunarfall stood as a bastion against the challenges of Draenor, its walls echoing with the sounds of training and camaraderie. In the midst of this fortified haven, Varian Wrynn found himself drawn to the training grounds where Raynn, the valiant warrior from Stormwind, honed her skills.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sparring sessions had become a routine, an opportunity for both to refine their combat prowess. The air was charged with the energy of clashes between steel, the sound of blades meeting in a rhythmic dance. Varian, observing Raynn's precise movements, couldn't help but admire the grace with which she wielded her weapons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the sun dipped below the Draenor horizon, casting an amber glow upon the Garrison, Varian stepped forward to engage Raynn in a sparring match. Their blades clashed, each strike resonating with a distinct melody of combat. Varian's gaze locked onto Raynn's eyes, a silent acknowledgment of the unspoken connection that had grown between them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With each exchange, the tension heightened, and the atmosphere shifted. The sparring evolved into a dance, bodies moving in sync, and the line between combat and something more elusive began to blur. Varian's movements became deliberate, charged with an intensity that transcended the confines of the training grounds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, sensing the shift, met Varian's gaze with a mixture of determination and something deeper. The sparring became an intricate dance of mutual understanding, and beneath the layers of armor and blades, an unspoken attraction simmered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian, fueled by a growing desire, allowed himself to be ensnared in the ebb and flow of the dance. Their blades moved with a shared rhythm, and in the intensity of the moment, the Garrison walls seemed to fade away, leaving only the connection between Varian and Raynn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the sparring session reached its zenith, their movements became more fluid, more intimate. The clang of steel on steel echoed the unspoken tension that lingered in the air. Varian, a monarch on the battlefield, found himself captivated by a different kind of conquest\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one that unfolded in the quiet intimacy of Lunarfall's training grounds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}