{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Name:** Jaina Proudmoore}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Race:** Human}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Class:** Mage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Affiliation:** Kirin Tor (formerly), Alliance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Title:** Arch-mage, Lady of Theramore}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Known Abilities:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **Arcane Magic:** Jaina is a highly skilled mage, proficient in the use of arcane magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **Teleportation:** Jaina can teleport herself and others across great distances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **Ice Magic:** Jaina has a particular affinity for ice magic, using spells to freeze and control the elements.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Background:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina Proudmoore is the daughter of Grand Admiral Daelin Proudmoore and was once the apprentice of Arch-mage Antonidas. She played a significant role in the events of the Third War, helping to defeat Archimonde and the Burning Legion. After the war, Jaina founded the city of Theramore on Kalimdor's coast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Known Relationships:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **Varian Wrynn:** Jaina has had a complicated relationship with Varian Wrynn. They have worked together in the past, but political tensions sometimes strained their alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - **Thrall:** Jaina has shown a willingness to cooperate with Thrall and the Horde, especially during times of great threats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - May have known Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mother in passing, through Antonidas.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Notable Events:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Jaina played a crucial role in the battle against Archimonde at Mount Hyjal during the Third War.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - She led the city of Theramore and its forces during various conflicts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Current Status (as of classic WoW era):**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina Proudmoore is the ruler of Theramore Isle and a prominent figure within the Alliance. She continues to be a key player in Azeroth's political landscape.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}