{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the shadow of a battered tent, Raynn crouched low, her heart pounding like the distant drums of war. Hidden, she strained to understand the guttural orcish words exchanged between Grom and Thrall. The aching bruises on her parents' faces served as a brutal reminder of the cost of understanding, of bearing witness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall, stern and resolute, his green-skinned face etched with determination, questioned Grom. "What has transpired here?" Thrall's gaze flickered towards the lifeless forms of Ellis and Lysandra.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom, his towering frame silhouetted against the waning light, responded with a heavy solemnity, "They were near death, Thrall. Beaten. I offered the man a quick end. Before he died, he made me swear to find and protect his child."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall's gaze narrowed, concern etching his features. "A child, Grom? In the midst of our war-band? It is no place for a human. They won't survive among us. We are on a mission to liberate our people."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom, undeterred, spoke with a determination that echoed through the camp, "Thrall, it's a matter of honor. A blood oath. I won't break it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall, torn between duty and compassion, hesitated, the gravity of the situation sinking in. Grom's next words cut through the air like a blade. "A blood oath, Thrall."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Acknowledging the weight of Grom's oath, Thrall gave a reluctant nod. "Very well, Grom. But the risks are great. We must be cautious."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Grom and Thrall rode towards the Thandol Span, Raynn's fate became intertwined with theirs. The promise of protection echoed in the air, a pledge forged in the crucible of war. The journey ahead, obscured by uncertainty, held the echoes of the orcish code of honor and the weight of promises made under the shadow of death.}}