{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re in there.\u8221\'94 Loran\u8217\'92s voice was tight with trepidation as he and Kamery crouched in the shadows beside the inn in Moonbrook. His hand indicated a large barn across the way. Keeping his voice low, he explained. \u8220\'93They have mines below. I\u8217\'92ve never been down there though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded, her eyes taking in the ramshackle building. It was a good cover for an underground operation. She drew Loran back quietly, as two men in red bandannas emerged from the building. They were chatting amiably, relaxed in the knowledge of the Defias\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hold over this town. Her hand on Loran\u8217\'92s shoulder felt the boy\u8217\'92s tension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay still,\u8221\'94 she advised, her words barely a breath. The two watched until the Defias thugs had passed out of sight along the main road. Kamery took the lead now, heading behind the inn to the edge of the town. Finding a run-down abandoned shed, she settled Loran in the shadows. The boy had good instincts, but he would need practice to pass as unseen as she could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her steps light, Kamery blended into the shadows and, with silent grace, entered the wide entrance to the barn. The musty smell of hay hit her nostrils, and she fought against a sneeze. Taking a breath, she took a moment at the edge of the wide room, allowing her eyes to adjust to the darkness. The lower floor of the barn was empty save for a few small piles of hay. A rickety staircase hinted at a second floor. Curious, Kamery crept that way. Loran had indicated that the base was underground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The staircase led to a small side room, to one side of the main barn building, rather than part of it. Within that room, Kamery found what she had been looking for\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a staircase spiraled down, leading into the earth below the building. With a series of agile moves, she dropped quickly down the two stories, and found herself in a tunnel that sloped down in a wide curve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hugging the walls, she made her way down the rough passageway. She could hear the faint clang of metal on rock from below. As she proceeded, the sound was joined by a murmur of voices. Then, another voice, this one closer. A second voice responded. Two people were approaching up the tunnel. Finding a narrow crevice, Kamery pressed back against the wall. She kept her breathing slow and even. Her heart pounded, but she kept her attention on the two men walking past her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their conversation was the casual banter between friends. They were heading up to the town for a night at the inn. One had high hopes for the red-haired barmaid. Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed. She hoped that the girl was experienced enough to handle these thugs. As they passed out of earshot, a word caught her attention. They were talking about a ship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her curiosity piqued, Kamery pressed on. The bustle of activity below was intense. She knew that if she was caught, she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stand a chance. The Defias operation was already unfolding to be far more than any of them had suspected. Wiley had hinted at it; perhaps she should have given his trepidation more weight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peering around a corner, Kamery saw a hive of activity. Humans, gnolls, and Goblins were scurrying about, mining out a huge area. Beyond them, a maze of tunnels led even further into the earth under Westfall\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s southern hills. One particularly large one was barred with a massive steel door. Shaking her head, Kamery decided that she had seen enough. She wouldn\u8217\'92t get any further alone and Stoutmantle needed to hear about the extent of the Defias operation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silently, Kamery turned and retraced her steps back to the surface. Luckily, she had no further encounters along the way, and shortly returned to the waiting Loran. The boy had fallen asleep. When she woke him, he looked startled. She wondered if it was from being woken, or if he was surprised that she had survived.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Motioning Loran to follow and stay quiet, she led the way behind the inn. They would have to circle wide around the small town to return to Sentinel Hill, but it would be better than passing through the Defias-infested streets again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they passed through the dark, starlit fields, both were silent. Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts replayed the sights below Moonbrook, committing the details to memory. They reached Sentinel Hill uneventfully, and true to his word, Stoutmantle delivered Loran to Heather Lowry, who set the boy up on a cot in a corner of her kitchen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back outside the inn, Stoutmantle listened to Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s report, his face growing grave. \u8220\'93This is beyond my capabilities,\u8221\'94 he admitted. \u8220\'93My men are too few, and I don\u8217\'92t dare start an outright war with the forces you describe.\u8221\'94 Kamery\u8217\'92s heart sank, but she knew that his assessment was sound.}}