{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Onyxia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s redirection had momentarily lightened Carolyn\u8217\'92s healing burden, and she watched with horrified fascination as the dark spell wove around the two Varians. While she wasn\u8217\'92t versed in draconic magic, this, she realized, she recognized, at least in part. The magic was formed from Shadows, and she was familiar with their insidious tendrils.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forcing herself to focus, she studied those tendrils now. They were pulling at the two men, while at the same time binding them together. If she could leverage those bindings, while countering the destructive force, perhaps\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn frowned in concentration as she whispered a prayer to the Light. She refused to hope, not yet. This was too unfamiliar, too untested. The holy magic infiltrated the Shadows, changing their shape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The noise of the ongoing battle faded to Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s senses, as her focus narrowed to just the shape of those Shadows. Binding, and now, healing. Within the embrace of the Shadow, two men became one. She whispered another holy word, bathing him in healing Light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even as she finally allowed herself to believe, to feel satisfaction in her spell-casting, a heavy blow knocked her to the ground. Onyxia, seeing her spell disrupted, had turned her ire on the priestess. With Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shield removed from the way, Carolyn had been vulnerable. A smile played on her lips as she fell though, seeing Varian, one Varian, bringing his sword down on Onyxia\u8217\'92s scaled hide.}}