{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What were you thinking?\u8221\'94 the man demanded, glaring angrily at Raynn, and she felt her own anger rise in return. \u8220\'93What sort of warrior allows a priestess to be attacked like that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He blinked, breaking that penetrating gaze, then broke into laugh. Just Human indeed. Carolyn smiled back as he nodded at her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That explains a lot,\u8221\'94 the King acknowledged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His assessment turned to the other two then. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you two?\u8221\'94 His eyes ran over Raynn\u8217\'92s armor and Kamery\u8217\'92s black leather and bandanna. \u8220\'93SI:7?\u8221\'94 he guessed of the rogue, gesturing for them to start back to Morgan\u8217\'92s Vigil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The King frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did you know I had lost my memory? What have you discovered?\u8221\'94 His tone carried the weight of authority.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t returned to Stormwind yet. The man on the throne now is an impostor.\u8221\'94 He took in their shock with an assessing glance, and seemed to make a decision. \u8220\'93The Black Dragonflight is involved, but we don\u8217\'92t know how deeply. We need Windsor\u8217\'92s research before we can risk a confrontation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is Marshal Windsor?\u8221\'94 Varian was certainly direct, Raynn realized.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems that Windsor has been taken to the depths of the mountain,\u8221\'94 King Varian stated. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need a group of your finest men,\u8221\'94 King Varian instructed the Marshal, but Maxwell continued to shake his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The King frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of Lady Prestor?\u8221\'94 The King asked, having heard her comment, of course. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, Varian had absorbed her words. His voice was furious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fordragon should not have dismissed this concern so easily! He sent no help?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is he talking about?\u8221\'94 King Varian asked, looking at Broll, but the elder druid looked just as confused. Kamery explained their findings and the King nodded. \u8220\'93I escaped over a cliff that night.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t convinced though, protesting, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the Dark Iron stronghold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His face creased with concern, Varian looked down at her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will you be able to keep up?\u8221\'94 he asked her, frowning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The King looked taken aback by her censure, but also a little chagrined. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We must find Windsor,\u8221\'94 he insisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is he?\u8221\'94 Varian demanded, looking around as he recovered from his surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian slumped, his face falling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We needed Windsor\u8217\'92s research to counter the Black Dragonflight. If his notes are lost, we have no chance to reveal the impostors.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian turned back towards the large chamber. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We must retrieve the information from them then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Apparently Varian reached the same conclusions, and he nodded sharply, although his eyes narrowed with impatience. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smiling grimly, Varian held up the key they had retrieved from Forgewright\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tomb. \u8220\'93Perhaps this will unlock it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I apologize.\u8221\'94 His voice was rough and his breathing heavy from the recent combat, but his words rang true. \u8220\'93I lose myself to my rage.\u8221\'94 Frustration flashed in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he rose, Varian smiled gratefully, and reached out a hand to help her up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well fought,\u8221\'94 the King said, his voice also reflecting the exertion of the recent battle. \u8220\'93You use that shield well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian laughed, a clear, deep sound, and moved away to see if Kamery had found anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We must retrieve Ironfoe.\u8221\'94 Varian\u8217\'92s firm voice broke the post-battle silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flashed with determination. \u8220\'93It would be foolish to leave such a powerful weapon in the hands of our enemies,\u8221\'94 he insisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This way.\u8221\'94 Having seen that his healer was ready, Varian wasted no time leading them onwards. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Within, lie the spirits of the Summoners,\u8221\'94 he told them. \u8220\'93The seven who joined Sorcerer-Thane Thaurissan in summoning Ragnaros to this plane. They are bound to the will of the Elemental Lord, and hostile to intruders.\u8221\'94 Varian\u8217\'92s eyes met Carolyn\u8217\'92s and held them. \u8220\'93However, they hold the secrets to dark iron, secrets that we need if we are to fight the Firelord. We need one chained to our will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes held hers, brooking no argument. She offered none. He was stubborn, obstinate, reckless\u8230\'85but still her King. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell us your secrets,\u8221\'94 Varian demanded, his voice resonating with royal authority mixed with the fading adrenaline of battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian took Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention. \u8220\'93Did you learn what you needed?\u8221\'94 the King asked her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grimly, Varian accepted the information. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then our path is twofold. We must acquire this metal, and retrieve Ironfoe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Staring intently at the distant cavern, Varian gave voice to his impatience with waiting, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We must be close to the Firelord\u8217\'92s lair. That may be the entrance across the way.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not suggest we confront the Firelord today.\u8221\'94 He gestured to the elementals guarding the bridge. \u8220\'93But perhaps we could reach the entrance and gather information?\u8221\'94 He was solicitous enough to ask Carolyn\u8217\'92s approval.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feral roar drew the attention of the first two elementals immediately.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once again, Bryna froze one in place, but this time, Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wild blows shattered the delicate bonds of frost. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they walked back across the bridge though, he vowed, }{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When I retake my throne, all of Stormwind\u8217\'92s armies will march in here and destroy the Firelord once and for all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Broll had followed Varian and Windsor, and was watching the low, intense conversation now taking place between the three. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maxwell is being singularly unhelpful.\u8221\'94 The King growled. \u8220\'93Every moment we waste is one moment longer that my son is in the clutches of that beast. His life has already been threatened. We must unmask her, yet we still know nothing of the situation in Stormwind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian nodded shortly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If anyone knows the situation in Stormwind, it is Mathias Shaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}