{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Watching Raynn lead the way through the foothills with easy confidence, Bryna realized,}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  She knows where she is going. She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s lived here.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She lived here a few years ago,\u8221\'94 Jaina had said in Theramore. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 A few years ago? Jaina left Lordaeron for Kalimdor five years ago. She would have sailed from somewhere near here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You traveled to Kalimdor with Jaina?\u8221\'94 Bryna asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She startled them all, of course. Raynn seemed to be considering the question carefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 she eventually answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But then, how\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery interrupted Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s next question with a sharp gesture. \u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 the rogue said. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s here now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two had reached some sort of agreement, Bryna realized. But her mind kept working. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The regular voyages between the continents, even the portal connections to Darnassus and Theramore, those are all too recent, within the last couple of years. I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think there were any other crossings back then. But the Horde first appeared in Kalimdor five years ago; they must have set sail around the same time as Jaina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Having eliminated every other travel possibility, Bryna felt a chill run through her at the logical conclusion. It only opened up even more questions, of course\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 she can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have been more than fourteen!\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 but she felt a new respect and understanding for the stern warrior. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 No wonder this is so personal for her.}}