{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Hillsbrad Foothills stretched beneath Raynn's gryphon as she patrolled the skies for the Wildhammer dwarves. The distant sound of crashing waves from Southshore caught her attention, and as she descended for a closer look, the scene unfolded before her eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orcs hurriedly boarded ships along the Southshore coastline, preparing for a departure that seemed urgent. Simultaneously, a human army marched purposefully from Durnholde Keep to the northeast, closing in on the orcs' position.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn swiftly landed her gryphon in a secluded grove, concealing the majestic creature among the trees. Dressed in dusty riding leathers, she descended the hills to approach the human army. Mixing seamlessly with the locals, she sought to divert their attention and misdirect their efforts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Approaching the human commander with a demeanor of concern, Raynn spoke of orcs seen marching to the north, hinting at a potential alliance with the already-suspected nobles of Alterac. Her words were laced with truthful anger as she declared, "An orc killed my father. I will not stand idly by while they plot in the shadows."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The commander, swayed by her convincing performance and the supposed threat to the north, altered the army's course accordingly. Unbeknownst to Raynn, Thrall, the young orc Warchief, observed this misdirection through farsight \endash  a magical ability that allowed him to witness events from a distance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Recognizing Raynn and sensing a connection that transcended the immediate situation, Thrall's protectiveness flared. He immediately sought out Grom Hellscream, a seasoned warrior and ally, to share what he had witnessed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom, renowned for his ferocity in battle, insisted on bringing Raynn with them to Kalimdor, removing her from the potential danger of retaliation once the truth of her misdirection came to light. Thrall, though reluctant due to the unknown dangers that awaited them on the journey, couldn't deny the sense of responsibility and connection he felt toward Raynn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Together, Thrall and Grom rode out to retrieve Raynn from her position near the human army. The trio would soon embark on a journey to Kalimdor, where the threads of fate would weave their destinies together in unforeseen ways.}}