{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the first watchtower came into sight, Raynn led them off of the road to the north, cutting across the countryside to the banks of a narrow stream. They forded easily, although Elthas shook off the water uncomfortably afterwards; the water had been too shallow for him to shift to sea lion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tarren Mill lay just ahead. After approaching carefully from behind a large barn, they made their way to the inn. There, they found Taretha, bound by Infinite magic. Even Bryna was confounded by the strange bonds. From outside, an unearthly laugh startled them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thrall, come and face your fate!\u8221\'94 taunted the Infinite dragon responsible for this incursion into the time-way. His voice held an odd timbre, the sound seeming to shimmer and echo. \u8220\'93Taretha\u8217\'92s life hangs in the balance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was all Thrall needed to hear. He charged out of the inn, Raynn following quickly. She arrived just in time to raise her shield and block worst of the dark, shimmering dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath attack. It wasn\u8217\'92t enough, and she felt a searing pain in her sword arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment later though, the warm surge of Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s healing magic worked its way through her, mending the damage. She swung her sword again, feeling Thrall to her left doing the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fighting next to him, the old habits came back, and she easily melded her moves with his, their swords swinging in an easy rhythm. Behind the dragon, Elthas and Kamery worked on its flanks. She knew that they had found a similar partnership in previous fights with closer quarters. Thrall, she suspected, would never attack a foe from behind. He, like her, preferred to face his enemies head-on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Infinite dragon roared in pain, faltering under the onslaught. In addition to their swords, daggers, and claws, it was also wracked with Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s poisons and pelted with Bryna\u8217\'92s bolts of frost. Thrall\u8217\'92s final swing finished it off. The dragon collapsed, then disintegrated in a shower of multi-colored sparks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall immediately turned back to the inn, where Taretha had been held captive. The blonde woman emerged, with Erozion walking behind her, in Quel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92dorei guise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thrall! I\u8217\'92m so glad to see you safe!\u8221\'94 Taretha ran forward to greet the Orc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would not be, if not for your friends\u8221\'94 Thrall indicated Raynn and her companions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taretha frowned in confusion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea who these people are,\u8221\'94 she began, but a gesture from Erozion froze her and Thrall in place in a swirl of bronze magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have erased their memories of this event,\u8221\'94 the bronze dragon explained to the others. \u8220\'93They will continue to remember things as they should have occurred.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank, even as she understood the reasoning. It did explain why Thrall hadn\u8217\'92t seemed to know her when they did eventually meet, she realized, as Erozion returned them to their own time.}}