{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A firemane drake?!\u8221\'94 Disbelief colored Jaina Proudmoore\u8217\'92s voice. Beside her, Kamery felt the same disbelief and heard Carolyn\u8217\'92s quiet gasp of horror. She had heard rumors of black dragon-kin in the Burning Steppes north of Redridge, but had never seen one herself. But there was no denying the sleek black-scaled creature that had risen from Alcaz Island to attack Jaina\u8217\'92s gryphon rider on her reconnaissance flight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After they had brought the manacles to Jaina, she had immediately requested the flight, knowing that Theramore\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s guard wasn\u8217\'92t enough to assault the Naga-occupied island directly. Cassa Crimsonwing, apprentice gryphon master, had volunteered to fly the flight, but now she was flying for her life as they watched from the city ramparts. Cassa was skilled, Kamery realized, impressed, as the Dwarf guided her gryphon through evasive twists and turns away from the island\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 providing the general sense of direction, while still giving her mount the freedom to follow its own instincts too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wistfully, Kamery wondered what it would be like to have such a close partnership with a mount, to be able to fly like that. Wildhammer Dwarves were something else, she mused enviously. The tame gryphons that regularly flew travelers across the Kingdoms were placid, and only flew the routes that they had been trained on. Cassa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mount seemed still half-wild, and together the pair skillfully evaded the black drake that chased them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thankfully, as they left the vicinity of the island, the drake turned back to its post, seemingly satisfied with its work. A few moments later, Cassa and her gryphon landed lightly on the wall beside the watching group. The Dwarf slid off the gryphon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back, giving the mount a light slap on the shoulder and the majestic beast glided off the wall and back to its roost. Pulling off her helmet and goggles, Cassa approached.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We didn\u8217\'92t get far,\u8221\'94 she apologized.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We saw.\u8221\'94 Jaina spoke kindly. \u8220\'93Could you see anything of interest? Other than the drake itself, of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aye, before the beastie rose up, I spotted a rune circle in a clearing, surrounded by buildings.\u8221\'94 The Dwarf\u8217\'92s observations impressed Kamery. She hadn\u8217\'92t had very long over the island before being forced to retreat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Cassa. Get some rest,\u8221\'94 Jaina dismissed the gryphon rider distractedly. Turning to the small group with her, she shook her head helplessly. \u8220\'93A rune circle? Dragon-kin? The Defias have hedge mages among their ranks, but no one powerful enough to make use of such a thing! And why would the Black Dragonflight be interested in an island full of Naga. There are many unanswered questions, but one thing is for certain: the Defias have powerful allies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking around the group, Kamery saw the hopelessness on their faces\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all except Elthas; the tall Kaldorei was still looking out at the foreboding island, a thoughtful expression on his face. As if feeling her attention, he turned to her, and she saw the beginnings of the idea on his face. Her heart clenched, knowing that he was thinking of trying to sneak onto the island, and knowing that if he went, she would go with him. They had to know more though, and force and flight were now both out of the question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reading her answer in her eyes, Elthas spoke. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hydra were mostly at the northern end of the island. The dock area is approachable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Theramore\u8217\'92s forces\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery pressed ahead with the druid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s idea, flinching at Carolyn\u8217\'92s sharp breath of realization. \u8220\'93Not Theramore\u8217\'92s forces. A more stealthy approach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s red hat tilted, a sign that the mage was considering the idea, weighting the odds and risks. Kamery waited bemusedly for the verdict. It didn\u8217\'92t take long. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve exhausted all other options. If they can get in and out without being seen\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Bryna\u8217\'92s head raised enough for her to meet Kamery\u8217\'92s eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We will.\u8221\'94 She avowed. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Am I trying to convince Bryna, who probably already knows the answer, or Carolyn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85or myself?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking between the four adventurers, Jaina nodded heavily. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bryna\u8217\'92s right, of course. We have no other options. I won\u8217\'92t order it though.\u8221\'94 She hadn\u8217\'92t ordered Cassa either, Kamery knew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was tight, when Kamery looked back at her, but she nodded, before approaching her sister and Elthas. Putting an arm around each of them, she pulled them close, whispering, \u8220\'93Take care, and come back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms surrounded both sisters, and Kamery joined the embrace also.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a moment, Carolyn stepped back, whispering a word of power. Kamery felt the surge of holy fortitude and smiled gratefully. Turning to look back out at the looming island, she shifted her focus to the task ahead.}}