{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn watched quietly as Kamery spoke to Elling Trias in hushed tones. The cheese shop master nodded, unsurprised, accepting the news of an assassination within the city with as much reaction as he might give to a delivery of Alterac Swiss. Carolyn looked around the upper floor of the shop, taking in the rest of their small group in the dimly lit area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna lounged against one wall, her eyes shielded by her red hat. Her plain wooden quarterstaff leaned against the wall beside her; adorned with nothing but a simple leather grip, the staff almost blended into the rough wooden walls. Like the rest of Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s simple linen outfit, it was all an illusion, of course. Carolyn inwardly shook her head. If she hadn\u8217\'92t seen the mage in battle herself, she would never have believed that the woman was the slightest bit dangerous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, on the other hand, exuded an unmistakable air of danger. Her hands flexed slowly in their gauntlets, still getting used to the stiff new leather and iron. Her shield was slung on her back and her sword was sheathed at her side, but Carolyn knew that both would be ready in an instant if necessary. It was a comforting thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas, as usual, prowled around the perimeter of the group in his feline form, with sleek black fur rippling over powerful muscles. Curved runes of paler fur marked his shoulders, echoing the tattoos that she knew adorned his Kaldorei form. He stopped to investigate a hole low on the wall, earning a sharp glance from the cheese master.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No mice, I hope,\u8221\'94 Trias\u8217\'92s tone was serious. This, it seemed, was more important than the situation with the Defias. Bryna\u8217\'92s full lips curved with amusement beneath the brim of her hat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whiskers twitched and he shook his head. He sat back on his haunches for a moment, his intelligent golden eyes surveying the group. Carolyn wondered if he was thinking along the same lines that she was, about how well their little group had come together in just a few short days. Given the young druid\u8217\'92s nature, it was just as likely he was simply daydreaming about chasing mice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good.\u8221\'94 Trias nodded in satisfaction. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve all done well. Let Shaw know. And here, take this report to the King.\u8221\'94 He held out a sheaf of papers, wrapped securely in twine and sealed with red wax. \u8220\'93It details everything we\u8217\'92ve learned about Lescovar.\u8221\'94 He paused for a moment. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s probably best if you don\u8217\'92t mention your role here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened at the mention of the King. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed that even Bryna stood a bit straighter. An audience with the King of Stormwind, the High King of the Alliance? The idea was dizzying. Looking at her sister, Carolyn saw her own expression mirrored in identical grey eyes and she knew that even Kamery was intimidated by the idea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, however, seemed unmoved as she reached forward and took the papers smoothly. Her amber eyes found Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll talk to Shaw?\u8221\'94 She almost seemed relieved to have to report to the King rather than Shaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amusement danced in Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes and Carolyn knew that her sister had seen the warrior\u8217\'92s discomfort too. Having met the spy-master a few times during Kamery\u8217\'92s early training, Carolyn had found him friendly enough, if a bit distant. Kamery had told her that Raynn found him disconcerting though, which was unfortunate, since Shaw was intrigued by the warrior\u8217\'92s mysterious past.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bell on the shop door downstairs jingled, heralding the arrival of another customer. The low murmur of voices drifted up to the group on the upper floor, as Trias\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wife greeted the newcomer. Trias glanced wistfully at the stairs. \u8220\'93I think we\u8217\'92re done here.\u8221\'94 His voice held a note of hope, as he looked around the group once more to see if there were any last issues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you.\u8221\'94 She glanced at the stairs, a question in her grey eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trias gestured for them to follow as he started down the stairs, raising his voice as he descended. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hope you all enjoyed the tasting. Freshest cheeses in Stormwind!\u8221\'94 The aromas on the main floor of the shop gave weight to his words, the sharp smell of Redridge Roquefort mixing with the mellow Stormwind Brie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The less pleasing smells of the city intruded as Trias opened the shop door for them, causing the bell to jingle merrily again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come back again soon!\u8221\'94 In a voice only they could hear, he added, \u8220\'93to buy cheese!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn chuckled, relaxing as the shop door closed behind the cheese master. Carolyn wondered what it was in her past that had her so on edge around the spy-masters. With a nod to the others, the enigmatic warrior turned and left to fulfill her task.}}