{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Premise:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mathias Shaw met with the five adventurers in his office on top of the SI:7 headquarters building in Stormwind. Raynn was a lean, strong warrior, who took pride in her blacksmithing skill. She was not from Stormwind, and did not like talking about, or even thinking about, her past. Kamery was a rogue who had worked for Shaw for several years now. She was observant and a strong strategic thinker. Carolyn was Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s twin sister, although they differed in appearance and personality. Carolyn was a priestess, with a peaceful and calm demeanor, with a streak of stubborn determination. Elthas was a druid, young for his people, with an enthusiastic and energetic outlook on life. He preferred his feline form, especially amongst the shorter races. Bryna was a mage, whose casual and relaxed appearance covered an observant and mercurial mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn stood stiffly at the top of the stairs leading down from Matthias Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office. Shaw had asked them there for a briefing on a new mission. Hoping that the meeting would be short, she looked around at her friends, carefully avoiding Shaw and Kamery\u8217\'92s too-curious, too-observant eyes. Shaw stood at the window, as usual, with Carolyn between Raynn and the spy-master. The talented priestess stood calmly, a peaceful smile on her face. On Shaw\u8217\'92s other side, Kamery flanked her superior. Her short dark hair and black leather stood in stark contrast to Carolyn\u8217\'92s blonde hair and white and purple robes. Her well-honed daggers were also a contrast to her sister\u8217\'92s staff, although Raynn reflected bemusedly that both sisters seemed quite adept at wielding their weapons of choice. Next to Kamery, Bryna stood, her posture relaxed. Her staff was nowhere in sight, but Raynn knew that the mage\u8217\'92s spells were close at hand, if necessary. Elthas, in feline form as always, prowled restlessly behind Bryna and Kamery, occasionally earning a sharp glance from Shaw when he ventured too close to the spy-master\u8217\'92s heavy desk. Raynn was certain that the papers scattered on its surface were of no importance. Anything sensitive would be carefully locked away. She reflected that the group worked well together in combat, and hoped that their upcoming mission would allow them to do so again.\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery stood quietly next to Shaw, her eyes taking in the assembled group. On the other side of Shaw, Carolyn was smiling peacefully. She was glad that her sister was taking this covert business in stride now. It was wonderful to be able to work together so often now, and Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s healing was a huge boost to the group. Pride flowed through her at how far her sister had progressed in her studies. The usual recipient of Caro\u8217\'92s healing stood next to her, as if using the priestess as a shield to separate herself from Shaw. Kamery noted that Raynn also stood closest to the stairs. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Was that on purpose?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s confidence showed in her pose, straight and tall, although perhaps a bit too rigid now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was uncomfortable around the perceptive master of SI:7. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Some day, she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll tell us what she\u8217\'92s hiding. For now, she\u8217\'92s an effective ally.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Beside Raynn, Bryna was a contrast in attitudes. Her posture was relaxed and easy, the brim of her bright red hat shielding her eyes. Eyes that, Kamery had realized, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t miss much. Bryna could easily have trained for SI:7 herself, if she hadn\u8217\'92t been so magically gifted. Behind her, Kamery could feel Elthas\u8217\'92s constant movement, pausing only at the occasional silent reprimand from Shaw. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s getting too close to that desk, not that there\u8217\'92s anything to hide on there.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Kamery felt her lips curve against her black bandanna as she thought about the exuberant druid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s antics. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 He probably feels cooped up in this room.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze drifted around the small room, taking in her friends. Beside her, Shaw was preparing to brief them on another mission. On her other side, Raynn stood tall and proud. She had a new shield, and Carolyn wondered if that was the source of her pride. The shield held some powerful enchantments, and she looked forward to seeing how well it did in battle. Perhaps, she wondered with bemusement, she would be able to join the melee. She knew that Raynn disproved her doing so, but she also knew that she was careful to avoid unnecessary damage to herself, and she enjoyed the exertion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 why should the warrior and rogue have all the fun? At the thought of the rogue, she let her gaze drift to her sister. Kamery\u8217\'92s grey eyes were also moving about the room, taking in the group, and probably watching for threats, although Carolyn wasn\u8217\'92t sure who would be able to threaten the master of SI:7 in his own office. Carolyn was glad to be reunited with her sister now, and working together, but she did still miss the Kaldorei lands sometimes. She did have her Kaldorei best friend with her here though, she reflected, glancing over at Elthas, prowling near Shaw\u8217\'92s desk in his favored feline form. The druid was rarely still, and she knew he was enjoying exploring the room, while also eager to start on whatever next adventure Shaw had in store for them. Elthas passed behind Bryna\u8217\'92s simply-clad legs, and Carolyn was once again reminded of the lackadaisical mage\u8217\'92s tailoring talent. Her simple clothing was entirely illusion, covering intricate and powerful enchantments. Carolyn had learned a lot from Bryna, and her parents, who owned a tailoring shop here in Stormwind. She wondered what the mage was thinking, but her eyes were shadowed below the brim of her hat, and unreadable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sharp scent of fresh ink mingled with the dusty smell of older missives as Elthas prowled slowly back and forth across the open space in the room. It was an interesting combination, and he moved closer to the desk to investigate. A slight clearing of Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat interrupted his hunt, and he paused momentarily, chagrined. Shaw was standing with his Human friends between the window and the staircase that led down out of the room. The spy-master was looking reprovingly at Elthas, and he shifted his gaze to the side. Beside Shaw, Carolyn stood with a calmness that belied her stubborn nature. As he often did when she appeared so peaceful, Elthas found himself remembering their first meeting, when she had cheerfully charged into battle with sprites, swinging her staff with unexpected skill. They had connected almost instantly, and he had followed her all the way to Stormwind, at her sister\u8217\'92s request. That sister, Kamery, stood to Shaw\u8217\'92s other side, darkness where Carolyn was light, but no different in their determination to do what was right. Across from Kamery, Raynn stood at the top of the stairs, stiff and solemn. The scent of heated metal and flux clung to her, and Elthas wondered what new piece of armor she was wearing now. Flexing and stretching his muscles, resuming his slow pacing, he wondered how she could bear wearing such weight and still move in combat. He angled his path now, aiming between the desk and the final member of their group, Bryna. The mage, as always, shimmered with magical power. Her clothing was part of it, but the majority was within her. She was becoming more adept at using it, and he knew that she had learned a few new portal spells recently. He couldn\u8217\'92t wait to explore more new places. But first, the desk. His path had taken him close enough now, and Shaw was beginning his briefing; Elthas\u8217\'92s whiskers twitched eagerly as he turned back towards the interesting scents that came from the lower drawer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Studious adopting a pose of relaxed ease, Bryna once again took stock of the unlikely group of friends. Raynn, stiff as always, perhaps even more so in Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s presence. The man\u8217\'92s curiosity unnerved the warrior, which in turn made Bryna herself curious. The warrior was competent, but she hid too much about her past. One day, the nightmares would manifest in combat, and Bryna hoped that they could survive it. Of course, Carolyn, standing next to Raynn now, would see to that. The priestess had become quite powerful\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she didn\u8217\'92t flaunt it, but Bryna had noticed that when the group fought, they almost always emerged unscathed, yet Carolyn showed no signs of fatigue. Her endurance and skill in spell usage were impressive. Bryna wished that she had Carolyn\u8217\'92s levels of endurance herself, as she often felt herself waning after longer battles and needed to rest, or use potions or spells to reinvigorate herself. Elthas had one such spell that he could use on them, and given how often he used it on Bryna herself, she knew that he wasn\u8217\'92t helping Carolyn. And of course, he didn\u8217\'92t help heal, given that he never shifted out of feline form. His claws, like Kamery\u8217\'92s daggers, were effective weapons in close combat. She felt his soft fur brush up against her leg briefly, and that, along with Shaw\u8217\'92s sharp glances past her legs, told her that he was prowling behind her. She turned her attention to Kamery instead, amusement twitching her lips at the contrast between the two sisters. Carolyn had long, up-swept, blonde-haired and wore long, intricately embroidered, white and purple robes. Kamery wore her dark hair cropped short, and dressed in black leather from her nose to the tips of her toes. Her grey eyes were quicker than Carolyn\u8217\'92s, constantly taking in their surroundings while the priestess was focused more on Shaw. The parts, Bryna reflected, were starting to add up to the whole.}}