{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Grom Hellscream surveyed the Southshore docks, a myriad of emotions swirling within him. Thrall's revelation through Farsight had stirred a sense of urgency\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a threat to the human girl, bound by a blood oath, loomed on the horizon. The blood oath. An obligation he had thought fulfilled years ago when they left the child with the dwarves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the last of the humans disappeared into the northern horizon, Grom spurred his war wolf toward Raynn. She stood there, a lone figure against the backdrop of an impending unknown. The words spilled from his lips with a gruff determination, "You come with us, human."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall's nod added weight to Grom's declaration. The blood oath, that sacred promise, echoed in Grom's mind. The girl's hesitation didn't escape him, and he knew clarity was needed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The humans will realize your deception soon enough," he explained, a sternness in his tone. "When they find the orcs have escaped, their anger will turn to you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She absorbed his words, considering the impending consequences. In that moment, Grom saw the acceptance in her eyes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the acknowledgment that the Wildhammers wouldn't risk their alliance with the Alliance to shelter her. The burden of a promise made long ago pressed upon him, and her decision to come with them brought a sense of honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'll go with you," she declared, her voice steady.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom nodded in approval, a sense of responsibility mingling with the relief that the blood oath would be upheld. Time was of the essence, and the situation demanded swift action. As she wrote a note to the Wildhammers, Grom's gaze lingered on her determined form\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a human willingly stepping into the unknown with orcs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Together, Thrall, Raynn, and Grom rode back to Southshore, the looming ships bearing silent witness to the voyage that awaited them. The air crackled with anticipation as they boarded their respective vessels, leaving behind the contentious lands of the Eastern Kingdoms. The orcs set sail, guided by the uncharted waters of the future, while Grom Hellscream felt the weight of a renewed oath and the unspoken complexities of the journey ahead.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}