{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I lay quietly, watching, waiting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bell over the shop door jingled as three young women entered. Two of them had the same face, although one was blonde and the other brunette. The third though, she caught my attention. Dark burgundy hair\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not natural in this world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 framed an average face; her eyes though, they matched my own dark purple depths. She noticed me. Of course she did. The prophecy had bound us from before her birth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As her friends perused the mirrors on the wall, she approached to inspect me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I see that pendant?\u8221\'94 she asked my keeper. After hesitating briefly, he unlocked my case and lifted me out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The instant her fingers touched me, the connection was completed. We tumbled into our shared destiny. Jumbled sensations swept over us. Her fingers tightened around me. To her credit, she remained otherwise calm as worlds shifted around her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are we?\u8221\'94 she asked. I wondered if she realized that I could answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I did anyway. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Meridia. A world of magic, separate, and yet bound, to your own. It\u8217\'92s unlike anything you\u8217\'92ve seen before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her dark eyes took in the cobalt bark and vibrant purple leaves on the trees. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see that,\u8221\'94 she muttered dryly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She would do well, I realized, as I explained, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An ancient prophecy spoke of a darkness that would envelop this world. I am a conduit, created to find you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her brow wrinkled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not very helpful. What am I supposed to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I had to pause at that. A vague, thousand-year-old prophecy wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much to go on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know, do you?\u8221\'94 She was quick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not really. I have been straddling both worlds for so long, my awareness of events in either is limited.\u8221\'94 I tired of seeing only treetops. \u8220\'93Put me on, please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She sighed, but complied. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not fulfilling any prophecies standing in this forest.\u8221\'94 She frowned. \u8220\'93Although, coming darkness\u8230\'85 My phone has a flashlight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If I had a head, I would have shaken it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I believe the prophecy is a bit more metaphorical.\u8221\'94 I chided.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Snorting dismissively, she started to spin slowly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which way?\u8221\'94 Less than halfway around, she faltered with a sharp gasp. A few meters away, the forest disappeared into inky nothingness. The edges of the void shifted and wavered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Undaunted, she pulled her phone from her pocket and, tapping quickly, activated the flashlight. The weak beam disappeared into the blackness. Tendrils of writhing darkness twisted towards us. She stumbled backwards. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it getting closer?\u8221\'94 Her voice shook, as she turned to retreat more easily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ahead, the castle came into view, and I directed her towards it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93King Gadran created me there.\u8221\'94 I almost remembered his face. She had his eyes, I thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He won\u8217\'92t be there, will he?\u8221\'94 Her voice reflected her unfamiliarity with this world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, his descendants may be though.\u8221\'94 I did a quick calculation. \u8220\'93Forty generations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would his dynasty last that long? Will they even remember you, or the prophecy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was right, of course. I wondered what sort of reception we would get.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The white marble walls rose up above us, festooned with ivy. More ivy than I remembered the gardeners ever allowing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a small amount was aesthetic, but too much would damage the stone. I could see cracks forming below the amethyst leaves as we reached the main gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The portcullis stood open, unguarded. The gate was never unguarded. We passed through unchallenged. The inner bailey was empty, save for several moss-green chickens pecking fruitlessly at the cobblestones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although closed, the door to the keep opened easily. The great hall was empty, but a single torch flickered in the minstrels\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 gallery above. Climbing the stairs, she investigated. I could feel her heart pounding, but her steps along the corridor were unfaltering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the empty gallery, a single sheet of music lay on a bench beneath the torch. She picked it up, her eyes scanning the music. She hummed as she read, an oddly disconcerting song.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop,\u8221\'94 I commanded, before she could finish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What just happened?\u8221\'94 Her eyes were wide. She looked down at the music again. \u8220\'93This looks terrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were humming,\u8221\'94 I told her, ignoring her shaking head. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s magic of some sort. I could feel the darkness feeding off of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what happened here?\u8221\'94 she wondered. \u8220\'93They played this, and\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She looked around the empty gallery and the hall below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I thought about that. It made sense. But how could we undo it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even as I wondered, she murmured, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Backwards?\u8221\'94 She began to hum again, now reading the piece in reverse. The strange melody\u8217\'92s mirror image was sweeter and gentler.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if this was advisable, but her melody held notes of reassurance and light\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and potent magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the final note finished, it momentarily hovered in the air, palpable in its power. Then, abruptly, it shattered, into a clamor of voices and clatter of plates from below. The minstrels reappeared in the gallery, hands lifting from their instruments as though they had just finished a piece.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My wearer quickly retreated into the corridor, smiling. Partway along, a window slit offered a view of the violet forest. Looking out, we watched, the darkness retreat. As the last inky finger faded, so too did we.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 #}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The magical world faded away, leaving Bryna once more standing in the antique shop. Turning the now-dormant pendant over, she saw a musical note etched on its back.  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll never complain about piano lessons again. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll take it.\u8221\'94 She handed the clerk her credit card, as the twins came to see her purchase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will it match your dress?\u8221\'94 Kamery frowned at the indigo stone in its silver setting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It matches her eyes perfectly!\u8221\'94 Carolyn exclaimed. \u8220\'93Maybe get a new dress instead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Laughing at her friends\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 banter, Bryna slipped the returned card back in her wallet. As they left the shop, she hung the pendant around her neck again, a discordant tune drifting uncomfortably through her mind. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Heavy metal has nothing on this.}}