{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Raynn soared gracefully above the Hillsbrad Foothills on her trusted gryphon, a familiar routine patrol over the lands of the humans. The world below appeared serene and at peace, a stark contrast to the turbulence that had marked her earlier years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Abruptly, the tranquility shattered as a startling sight unfolded beneath her. Orcs swarmed the dockyards of Southshore, a scene she hadn't anticipated in the least. Confusion mingled with curiosity as she observed the loading of orcish warriors onto ships tethered to the docks. It was an unexpected disruption, a glimpse into a world she thought she knew well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A shadow passing at the edge of her vision drew her attention, and she turned to witness a human army advancing from Durnholde Keep. The collision between the two forces seemed inevitable, and Raynn's heart quickened with the realization that she was caught in the middle of an impending clash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Guiding her gryphon lower, she descended towards a small copse of trees. The rustling leaves and creaking branches accompanied her landing as she concealed her gryphon, attuning herself to the rhythmic footfalls of the approaching humans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With a determined resolve, Raynn approached the stern-faced human commander, assuming the guise of just another local resident caught in the turmoil. She couldn't bear the thought of witnessing another one-sided confrontation, especially with this one skewed in favor of the well-armed humans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Good day, sir," she greeted the commander, carefully choosing her words. "You should know, I saw an orc army marching northward not long ago."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Subtly leaning on the tensions between the orcs and the nobles of Alterac, she let the insinuation linger, her eyes meeting the commander's with a facade of distress masking her true feelings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "An orc killed my parents," she confided, allowing the buried anger to surface. The human commander, softened by her apparent grief, nodded, his suspicions overshadowed by sympathy. "Don't worry, miss. We'll handle this. You did a good thing reporting it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the humans diverted north, Raynn stood watching their departure. No guilt for the deception burdened her; instead, a disdain for the humans' continued hatred for orcs simmered within her. The petty animosity only reinforced her belief that humans and their prejudiced attitudes were responsible for her parents' tragic fate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Raynn stood there, watching the last remnants of the human army disappear on the northern horizon. The sense of impending danger lingered in the air as the landscape settled into an eerie calm. It wasn't long before the rhythmic thuds of approaching war wolves disrupted the quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Thrall and Grom rode up to her, their imposing figures casting shadows in the fading daylight. Grom, with his characteristic bluntness, wasted no time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "You come with us, human," he declared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Thrall, ever composed, nodded his agreement, his piercing eyes fixing on Raynn. The weight of their presence pressed upon her, and a momentary hesitation gripped her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Grom sensed her uncertainty and moved to clarify, his voice carrying the weight of obligation. "The humans will realize your deception soon enough. When they find the orcs have escaped, their anger will turn to you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Raynn considered Grom's words, her mind racing through the potential consequences. The Wildhammers, loyal though they were, wouldn't risk their alliance with the Alliance to shelter her. The bitter truth settled, and she agreed with Grom's predictions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I'll go with you," she stated, her decision made. The past few years among the dwarves had been enjoyable, but the memories of her parents' fate lingered, stoking the cold anger within her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Grom's expression softened with a nod of approval. The urgency of the situation prompted quick action. Raynn, gathering her resolve, scribbled a terse note to the Wildhammers, explaining the sudden turn of events. Tying the note to her gryphon's saddle, she sent the bird back to Aerie Peak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With a shared purpose, Thrall, Grom, and Raynn rode back to Southshore, where the ships loomed like silent behemoths ready to embark on a voyage into the unknown. The air buzzed with anticipation and uncertainty as they boarded their respective ships, leaving the contentious lands of the Eastern Kingdoms behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The orcs set sail, guided by the winds of the unknown, while Raynn's gaze lingered on the disappearing shores, contemplating the journey that lay ahead.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}