{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she watched the interchange between Bryna and King Varian, Kamery smiled beneath her bandanna. The King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s anger at Fordragon\u8217\'92s dismissal was gratifying. This was the Varian she had been disappointed to hear had not returned to Stormwind months ago. This man, it seemed, did care about his kingdom\u8217\'92s safety.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question, Bryna\u8217\'92s lips curled in a familiar smirk. However, before she could react, Elthas shifted out of his feline form to say, \u8220\'93I recognize him, from Alcaz.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone turned to stare at the druid, and Kamery wondered if the Kaldorei would start licking his hand, which was his panther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s usual reaction to attention. The thought was fleeting though, as she remembered back to their stealthy investigation of the island. Elthas had picked up a scent there, a trail that led from a prison cell to a magic circle, then split to lead in two directions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The one that split?\u8221\'94 she asked for confirmation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is he talking about?\u8221\'94 King Varian asked, looking at Broll, but the elder druid looked just as confused. Kamery explained their findings and the King nodded. \u8220\'93I escaped over a cliff that night.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of the other trail, the one that led to the dock?\u8221\'94 Elthas asked, frowning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the King couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer; his memories of that night were still fragmented and the scene had been confusing. Broll laid a reassuring hand on his friend\u8217\'92s shoulder, and King Varian\u8217\'92s attention returned to the present.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seeing his face tighten again, Bryna interjected, holding up her official deputization papers. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re the help Fordragon sent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression of disbelief, Raynn\u8217\'92s chin raised in proud defiance. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re enough,\u8221\'94 she stated flatly, her companions nodding in agreement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t convinced though, protesting, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the Dark Iron stronghold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve faced Dark Irons before,\u8221\'94 Kamery addressed the concern nonchalantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They likely have fire elementals also, that close to the Molten Core,\u8221\'94 Broll added, frowning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Those too,\u8221\'94 Kamery shrugged. At their looks of disbelief, she reached into her pack and showed them Infernus\u8217\'92s bracers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Broll\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened at the sight of the ornate elemental bands. \u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 he admitted. \u8220\'93They may be enough.\u8221\'94 Varian\u8217\'92s frown barely lessened, but he nodded briefly.}}