{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Prologue \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Prologue - Wanted: Hogger: Introduces Raynn (a warrior) and Kamery (a rogue) meeting in a fight against Hogger. Raynn is straightforward, but hiding things in her past. Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s master at SI:7, Mathias Shaw, is curious about Raynn and has encouraged Kamery to learn more about her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Section 1 - The Defias Threat \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 1 - Westfall: Kamery investigates the Defias in Westfall, and realizes that she needed help.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 2 - Kalimdor: Introduces Carolyn (Kamery's twin sister), Elthas (Carolyn's druid friend), and Bryna (a mage they hire for a portal who Elthas invites to join them). Carolyn is kind and peaceful. Elthas is energetic and inquisitive; he prefers to stay in feline form. Bryna is pragmatic and mercenary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 3 - Some Assembly Required: Raynn has some internal reflections on her past, hinting at connections with Thrall and Grom Hellscream on her way to join Kamery in Westfall. Carolyn, Elthas, and Bryna are already there, and they plan their infiltration of the Defias underground stronghold. Bryna and Carolyn bond over repairing Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe. Kamery and Carolyn have a quiet moment of reunion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 4 - The Deadmines: Elthas exuberantly explores the fields of Westfall as the group makes their way to the Deadmines. Once inside, he and Kamery use stealth to scout; when they are attacked, he uses bear form, and then heals her, impressing her. Kamery picks the lock of the entrance door and they enter. Raynn is taken aback when Carolyn, the healer, joins the melee with her staff. The group faces their first major threat and fights well as a group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 5 - VanCleef: The group discovers the center of the Defias plot - a massive dreadnought loaded with explosives, hidden in a cavern that opens to the sea not far from Stormwind. They defeat the leader of the Defias, Edwin VanCleef, and destroy the dreadnought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Section 2 - The Lescovar Incident \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 6 - It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Not Over Yet: Raynn returns to the forge and finishes her gauntlets. Carolyn arrives to ask her to help them break through a riot in the Stockades - clues have suggested the Defias threat isn\u8217\'92t over, and their ringleader is in custody there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 7 - The Stockades: The group makes their way through the riots and confronts Basil Thedd, VanCleef\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s top lieutenant. Thedd strikes down Carolyn, but Elthas revives her. Raynn beheads Thedd and they regroup outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 8 - SI:7: Raynn and Kamery report back to Shaw at SI:7. Shaw has a brief private conversation at Raynn about her past; she confirms his suspicions that she was born in Lordaeron and has spent time with Dwarves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 9 - Less Than Legal Means: Shaw sends the group to Elling Trias who sends them to Tyrion, an agent watching the suspected Noble, Lescovar. They kill Lescovar and his Defias associate. Raynn is revealed to be familiar with the layout of the Keep, due to using its library to read history.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 10 - Final Reports: The group reports back to Trias who gives them a report for the King and tells them to report back to Shaw also. Raynn volunteers to take the royal report, rather than face Shaw again. Kamery returns to Shaw, and Bryna invites Carolyn to her parents\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 tailor shop for a new robe, while Elthas expresses interest in visiting the Stormwind Park. Raynn makes an impression on the young King Anduin and he gives her his signet ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 11 - Loose Ends: Bryna shows Elthas how to get to the Park, then takes Carolyn to her parents\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 shop. Elthas learns that he can learn a new form if he returns to Darnassus; he reminisces about how he and Carolyn first met.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Section 3 - The Missing Diplomat \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 12 - Cathedral Intrigue: With a new robe, Carolyn visits the Stormwind Cathedral. She learns resurrection, and is asked to seek out Bishop DeLavey in the Keep. Kamery joins her, and DeLavey tells them about a missing diplomat and asks them to covertly investigate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 13 - New Paths: Elthas has learned that he can learn a new form if he returns to Darnassus. He seeks out Bryna for a portal, but wants to say goodbye to the others first. They track Carolyn and Kamery down, and meet them outside the Keep. Raynn is at the forge nearby, so they all go there to say their goodbyes. Bryna learns the spell Teleport: Theramore and goes to study with Jaina Proudmoore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 14 - The Great Forge: Raynn returns to her blacksmithing Grand Master in Ironforge, and he sends her on a quest to Stranglethorn Vale to seek out the Master Smith of the Mithril Order.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 15 - On the Road: Kamery and Carolyn find clues in Duskwood that lead them to Menethil Harbor. Elthas revels in his new sea lion form, then decides he needs to return to Stormwind to find Carolyn, via the ship to Menethil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 16 - All Roads Lead to Theramore: Carolyn and Kamery follow a suspicious man in Menethil Harbor; he initially eludes them, then he and his friends jump Carolyn when the sisters split up to look for him. Elthas, having just arrived on the ship from Auberdine, charges in to save her. Their next lead is to Theramore. Jaina Proudmoore brings Bryna along to aid adventurers in confronting the suspicious Private Hendel, and the adventurers turn out to be her friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 17 - Stranglethorn Vale: Raynn gathers materials and learns new blacksmithing techniques with Galvan the Ancient, an eccentric but brilliant blacksmith. He then sends her on a quest to seek out his finest pupil, in Gadgetzan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 18 - The Interrogation of Private Hendel: Elthas waits outside the tower while the others interrogate Hendel. The guard at the gate asks him to investigate rumors of Defias activity nearby. Hendel isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t cooperative, so Carolyn has to use Shadow magic to force his confession. Kamery and Bryna see her discomfort with the spell. The women emerge from the tower to be told where Elthas has gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 19 - Shipwreckage: Elthas has found a suspicious letter in the Defias camp which refers to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91precious cargo\u8217\'92 on a nearby shipwreck. They are sent to rendezvous with an SI:7 diver nearby. Elthas finally gets to show off his new sea lion form, to Carolyn\u8217\'92s delight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 20 - Alcaz Island: Elthas has found some enchanted manacles in the shipwreck, evidence that the Defias were transporting a prisoner. Jaina arranges an aerial survey of Theramore, where they are chased off by a black drake. Elthas and Kamery sneak onto the island and discover it overrun by naga. They find a magic circle, more discarded manacles, and Elthas identifies a strange trail that splits into two directions, both disappearing to the sea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 21 - New Horizons: With no further leads, Kamery and Bryna report back to Shaw. He sends them back to continue the team-building. The group leaves Theramore, returning to the Wetlands to help people there. Raynn studies a map in Booty Bay, and decides to take a less direct route to Tanaris so she can visit her old friend, Jaina Proudmoore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Section 4 - Intertwining Threads \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 22 - Diverging: Carolyn, Kamery, Elthas, and Bryna reach the Thandol Span after several weeks of adventuring in the Wetlands. Elthas suggests the Humans buy horses. Kamery says they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re too expensive, but Bryna tells her to sell her Kingsblood. Carolyn and Elthas return to Darnassus, and Kamery and Bryna go to the Stormwind trading house.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 23 - Scattered: Bryna discovers Teleport: Dalaran in the Scarlet Library, but it just leads to the empty crater; she decides to go visit Jaina again. Kamery infiltrates Angor Fortress in the Badlands and assassinates Infernus. Carolyn buys a moonsaber and Elthas learns cheetah form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 24 - Parallel: Carolyn and Elthas fight Naga in Feathermoon, then decide to cross the continent to Theramore. Raynn arrives in Theramore and is surprised to find Bryna. Bryna is even more surprised that Jaina and Raynn are old friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 25 - Converging: Carolyn and Elthas have gotten lost and are now in the Shimmering Flats. Raynn and Bryna fly to Gadgetzan. Kamery returns to Shaw and he sends her to Gadgetzan to intercept Carolyn and Elthas, then find Raynn; he only knows that Raynn boarded a ship to Ratchet, and he admits that he lost track of Bryna. Bryna discovers the Caverns of Time and is admitted by the Bronze Dragonflight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 26 - Merging: Carolyn and Elthas arrive in Gadgetzan and reunite with Raynn. Bryna is sent back to the Black Morass. When she returns to Gadgetzan she joins the others for lunch and a quiet afternoon of watching Raynn work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 27 - The Caverns of Time: Kamery arrives in Gadgetzan while Bryna, Carolyn, and Elthas are exploring Zul\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Farrak. Kamery talks to Raynn and agrees to try not to pry so much. Bryna and the others return. A Bronze dragon summons Bryna back to the Caverns of Time, telling her to bring her friends too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 28 - Escape from Durnholde: They are sent back to Durnholde to help Thrall escape. Raynn is very affected. They decide to head to Un\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92goro Crater.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 29 - Uniting: Team-building in Un\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92goro Crater. Carolyn solos devilsaurs. Raynn has nightmares, and tells the others her past. Bryna investigates a Titan facility but it\u8217\'92s dormant. Kamery gets a letter from Shaw sending them to the Burning Steppes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Section 5 - The Grand Masquerade \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 31 - Deputization: Bryna and Elthas take a request for aid to Lakeshire; they are sent on to Stormwind. Bryna goes in disguise and is dismissed by Fordragon and Prestor. Meanwhile, Carolyn, Raynn, and Kamery fight black dragon-kin in the Steppes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 32 - Introductions: Raynn, Kamery, and Carolyn run into Varian/Lo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Gosh and Broll. Varian is looking for Windsor; Ragged John says Blackrock Depths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 33 - The Only Option: Maxwell can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t spare any soldier. Bryna returns. Adventurers join forces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 34 - Hope Lost and Found: Group of Seven enter Blackrock Depths. Kamery finds Windsor but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s despondent. Elthas finds the crumpled note.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 35 - The Generals: Varian questions Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s endurance for healing; she gets annoyed with him for taking too much damage, rather than letting Raynn and her shield take the hits. The group defeats Angerforge and Argelmach and retrieve Windsor\u8217\'92s research. Varian insists they retrieve Ironfoe. Raynn finds plans for making dark iron armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 36 - Shadowforge City: Kamery helps Nagmara in the Grim Guzzler, and she unlocks the back door. Raynn learns the secrets of working with dark iron from a Dwarven ghost. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 37 - Completion and Return: Kamery, Elthas, and Broll retrieve Ironfoe. Varian, Carolyn, and Bryna scout the entrance to Molten Core. Raynn smelts some dark iron. They break Windsor out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 38 - Homecoming: Shaw sends a message to meet at Carolyn and Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s childhood home. Jaina is there with him. They reveal that the Varian in Stormwind is the other half of Varian/Lo\u8217\'92Gosh, split by black magic. Varian sends Shaw, Broll, Kamery, and Elthas to sneak in and keep Anduin safe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 39 - Confrontation: They all enter Stormwind and reach the Keep. Windsor recites the spell that will unmask Onyxia, even though he knows that it will cost him his life. Onyxia calls many disguised dragonspawn to her aid, and chaos ensues in the throne room. Varian confronts his other half.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 40 - The Prince and the King: The safe room that Anduin is in becomes not so safe anymore. Anduin sees the two Varians at odds with each other, and intervenes. Onyxia casts a spell at Anduin, and both Varians jump in the way. Carolyn manipulates the spell to reunite Varian.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 41 - Winterspring: Fordragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s medallion is shattered, but it might be the key to Onyxia\u8217\'92s lair. Seeking help to fix the medallion, Raynn, Kamery, Carolyn, Bryna, and Elthas travel to Winterspring. Carolyn and Elthas go to say hi to some wild frostsabers; Raynn, Kamery, and Bryna meet Haleh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 42 - Stealth Run: They enter Blackrock Spire. The upper door is sealed. They meet Vaelan. Kamery and Elthas sneak into the lower spire to get the gemstones for the Seal of Ascension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 43 - Forging the Seal: Vaelan leads them in some wall-jumping and they kill Wyrmthalak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 44 - The Upper Spire: They fight through the Upper Spire. Drakkisath and Rend trap them in the arena. Raynn kills Rend in an emotional fight, winning the respect of the remaining Blackrock Orcs. They kill Drakkisath. Bryna takes the blood back to Haleh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 45 - Onyxia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Lair: Flashback to Raynn befriending a frostsaber. With the reformed medallion, they enter Onyxia\u8217\'92s lair and kill her. Raynn finally uses her rage in combat rather than suppressing it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Epilogue \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Epilogue - Molten Core: Kamery has a flashback to Shaw proposing that the five stay together under a Royal Commission. Bryna extinguishes the runes protecting the inner core. The final battle against Ragnaros, eliminating the elemental threat.}}