{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking down at the wide white expanse of the Shimmering Flats below them, Raynn was thankful that Jaina had provided a pair of gryphons. She had studied the map in Booty Bay carefully, anticipating having to make the journey on horseback\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 west from Dustwallow, through the Barrens, down to Thousand Needles, then through the area they were flying over right now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They, because Bryna had unexpectedly decided to join her. Raynn glanced over at the mage, whose red hat brim was fluttering in the wind of their passage, but still, somehow, staying firmly attached to the mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m not the only one with magical headgear.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Raynn smiled, still feeling the extra power of Jaina\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s additional work on her circlet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 She had watched quietly as the two mages had chattered happily over the circlet, not understanding most of the technical magical talk, but enjoying seeing her two friends, one old and one new, sharing their passion. Afterwards, Bryna had looked thoughtfully at the circlet, as Jaina handed it back to Raynn.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I understand the basics, but I\u8217\'92ll need to practice.\u8221\'94 The mage had frowned, then declared, \u8220\'93Gadgetzan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Raynn had been startled enough to blurt out, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A flurry of explanations later, and Bryna had joined her. Apparently there was a trading house in Gadgetzan, and Bryna thought she could buy some cheap materials to practice the new enchantments on. Bryna had also been enthusiastic about her new mithril plate and excited to see the set completed. Raynn hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t considered the enchantments she wove into her blacksmithing anywhere close to the same as the work the mages did, but Bryna had brushed that aside, saying \u8220\'93magic is magic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A dark line of hills in the distance marked the border between the salt flats and the desert of Tanaris. Gadgetzan was just over those hills, and in the town, Trenton Lighthammer, Smith of the Mithril Order.}}