{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As several weeks, passed, the group settled into a comfortable routine of exploration and training in the resource-rich crater. One balmy afternoon, Raynn rode her usual slow circuit around the perimeter of the crater, scanning the cliffs for the telltale shimmer of thorium. A nearby roar broke her focus\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a devilsaur. She had become accustomed to their ground-shaking walk, but they only roared in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Adrenaline mounting, Raynn turned her horse towards the sound, and was startled to a halt by a strange sight. At the edge of a clearing, Elthas sat placidly in feline form; one of his paws was idly bobbing in front of him, keeping some sort of silent beat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the middle of the clearing, Carolyn stood toe to toe with a massive devilsaur. The beast towered over her, roaring in anger as her staff smacked its leg. It bent to bite at her, and the staff landed a solid blow on its nose. Changing its attack, the beast swiped at the priestess with one sharp-taloned claw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shield of golden light shattered at the blow; she staggered slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you not helping?\u8221\'94 Raynn demanded of the druid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas gave a feline shrug. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Watch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Carolyn muttered a holy word, the golden shield shimmered back into existence. Another word, and she stood straight once more. Her staff swung again, landing a heavy blow on the devilsaur\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder. The beast stumbled, and Raynn realized that most of the mottling on its body was not natural coloring, but bruises from the staff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dumbfounded, she continued to watch, as Elthas nonchalantly licked his paw beside her. While she had known, mostly to her annoyance, about the priestess\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s penchant for melee combat, she hadn\u8217\'92t realized the delicate blonde was this adept. Or this fierce, she amended, as the devilsaur finally succumbed to the assault.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite finished surprising Raynn though. From her belt, she pulled a long slender knife, and began slicing into the devilsaur\u8217\'92s hide. As she worked, she occasionally glanced at Elthas for approval, but the druid was watching calmly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once Carolyn had finished removing the usable hide pieces from the massive beast, Elthas stood and approached her, smoothly shifting out of form. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent work. You\u8217\'92ve learned well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn grinned happily as she handed the bundle of leather to the druid, and Raynn recognized her own lust for battle in that grin. The more time they spent together, the more hidden facets she discovered about her companions; she wondered if perhaps she might be able to share more of herself with them someday.}}