{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery smiled in weary satisfaction as she mounted the steep path to Marshal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Refuge. From the cave at the back of the small plateau, she could hear the low voices of Williden and Hol\u8217\'92anyee, probably discussing their latest research on the crystals found throughout the crater. To her left, the main camp of the expedition rose over several moss-covered tiers. She and her friends had settled into a quiet corner near the top. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she did most days, Kamery had spent the afternoon roaming the lush crater floor looking for herbs, and now her bags were bulging with pungent silversage and glistening dreamfoil. She had also found a few delicate blue flowers of blindweed, which she thought was perhaps misnamed, as it was actually quite useful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna, she was certain, would want her to sell the valuable blooms, but she suspected that the mage would change her tune when Kamery showed her the magic-enhancement potion that she could make with it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Already anticipating the conversation, Kamery absently stopped at the small mailbox near the cave entrance, to check for messages. Although nothing had arrived yet over the nearly two months that they had been here, she still checked every day. She might have wondered if Shaw didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know where to find them, but she knew the man too well. Also, she was fairly certain that the Goblin digger, Spark Nilminer, was on Shaw\u8217\'92s payroll.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever the means, Shaw did indeed know where to reach them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Kamery pulled a thin, sealed letter out of the mailbox. Her name was written on the front in Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bold, blocky handwriting. Did he consider them ready, or was he simply out of time, she wondered. Turning over the question in her own mind as she walked slowly up to their campsite, enjoying the cooling effect of even the small change in elevation, she realized that they were indeed ready.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn and Bryna were already kneeling beside the low fire, sorting through the variety of ores and gems from Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s day\u8217\'92s work. The mage was efficiently placing items in several bags, which Kamery knew were designated for sale, use, or discard. The warrior had removed several parts of her full plate armor, and was now clad in only her breastplate, leg-plates and boots. Occasionally Raynn would move an item from the for-sale bag to the for-use one, and Bryna would frown at the warrior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery chuckled, as she sat down cross-legged, breathing deeply of the aromatic stew that was simmering over the fire. Elthas and Carolyn must have been by earlier in the afternoon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they did most of the group\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cooking. She hoped they would be back soon, so they could all hear Shaw\u8217\'92s message together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna noticed the letter in her hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that from Shaw?\u8221\'94 the mage asked, her eyes brightening under the wide brim of her red hat. She looked ridiculous out here in the green jungle, but Kamery had long since realized that this was part of the mage\u8217\'92s carefully cultivated camouflage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wondering idly what diemetradons thought of red hats, Kamery nodded. As she unfastened the buckles to loosen her leather tunic, she reflected that at least the rest of Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s outfit was suited to the warm, humid atmosphere, with her lightweight vest and short pants.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93El and Caro should be back soon,\u8221\'94 Raynn answered before she could ask. The warrior reached out to stir the stew, and Kamery noticed Bryna take advantage of the distraction to move a particularly sparkling gem back to the for-sale bag. Her lips twitched under her bandanna.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn noticed immediately, frowning at the mage as she emphatically moved the gem back to the for-use bag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re hopeless. The world is full of rare and valuable treasures, many of which are for sale to the highest bidder, and you are missing out on it all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s valuable,\u8221\'94 Raynn argued, her long auburn ponytail swaying as she shook her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the point!\u8221\'94 the mercenary mage retorted, but she shifted her weight to one hip, settling back comfortably. The more relaxed pose indicated that she had shifted away from the trader mindset for the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is Bry trying to sell off our bedrolls again?\u8221\'94 a smooth male voice broke in, as Elthas and Carolyn climbed the hill to join them. Elthas, Kamery had noticed, was spending more and more time in his Kaldorei form, which he found easier to speak in. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Another sign of how close we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve become.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas tossed a large leather bag towards his bedroll; Kamery knew it would be full of the hides that he and Carolyn had harvested that day. She was still adjusting to the idea that her sister knew how to properly dress and skin wild animals. The crater had certainly given the two plenty of resources; even now, the ever-present chirps, howls, and roars echoed from below, although Kamery had learned to tune the sounds out most of the time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More devilsaurs?\u8221\'94 Bryna asked, eying the bag with interest. \u8220\'93Although, I\u8217\'92m not sure if they\u8217\'92re worth more raw these days, or if you should craft them into armor first.\u8221\'94 She seemed to have given up on Raynn\u8217\'92s gemstone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You never stop, do you?\u8221\'94 Raynn snorted, as she gathered up her bags of ore and put them away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna smirked, then changed the subject with one of her mercurial shifts. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kam got a letter from Shaw,\u8221\'94 she told Carolyn and Elthas as they settled down by the fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Picking up a nearby stick, Elthas leaned forward to poke at the fire, sending a shower of sparks into the air with a popping crackle. The light from the flames danced over his bare arms, highlighting the dark druidic tattoos that curved from his gloves up to both shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All eyes were on her now, Kamery realized. She turned the thin letter over in her hand to break the red wax of the seal, feeling the well-known surge of anticipation that raced through her at the thought of a new assignment. As usual, the missive was only a single sheet, with a terse message penned on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She read aloud, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91Return to the Eastern Kingdoms. Avoid Stormwind.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 Kamery paused to absorb that unusual instruction, then continued, \u8220\'93\u8216\'91Report to Morgan\u8217\'92s Vigil in the Burning Steppes.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 The letter was unsigned, as usual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it?\u8221\'94 Raynn asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For Shaw, that\u8217\'92s a lot.\u8221\'94 At the warrior\u8217\'92s look of surprise, she added, \u8220\'93He never puts much on paper at least, not where it could be intercepted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded her understanding of the terseness, but the cryptic instructions had them puzzled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Avoid Stormwind?\u8221\'94 Carolyn mused, tucking her white-and-purple robes around her more securely. \u8220\'93I wonder what\u8217\'92s going on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dark eyes were thoughtful, reflecting the firelight as she processed the terse instructions. As usual, she was the first to reach a conclusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can portal us to Ironforge,\u8221\'94 Bryna started to stand, but was interrupted by Elthas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stew first,\u8221\'94 the druid stated firmly. An amused smile danced on Kamery\u8217\'92s lips; the mage was very decisive with her portal-casting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After one last dinner in the bare campsite that had become home for so many weeks, they broke camp, packing their belongings and extinguishing the fire. They worked in quiet harmony, each wrapped in their own thoughts of how their now-cohesive group would face this mysterious new assignment and whatever threats lay ahead of them.}}