{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back in the throne room, Bryna thoughtfully watched Broll and Elthas leave, the older druid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words echoing in her head. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Another Dragonflight indeed. I know one of those too.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Settling her thoughts in order, she turned back to the King.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina was bidding farewell to Varian. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I apologize, but I must return to Theramore. There is much that needs my attention.\u8221\'94 Her voice was tense, and Bryna wondered how much the discovery of the brood-mother\u8217\'92s lair had thrown her quiet town into disarray. They had been well-used to the omnipresent threat of the Horde, but that threat had been mitigated by the tenuous treaty between Jaina and Thrall. Black Dragons, she supposed, would offer no such peace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian brushed off the apology. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I understand completely. Thank you for your assistance this day.\u8221\'94 Although it still carried a hint of tension, his voice was smooth and polite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the same rough warrior they had fought beside in the depths of Blackrock Mountain, Bryna realized, as Jaina teleported away. However, king or not, she wouldn\u8217\'92t stay silent with her idea. \u8220\'93There is another Dragonflight.\u8221\'94 She paused, remembering the Bronzes\u8217\'92 secrecy, their protectiveness of their Cavern. \u8220\'93I may be able to ask their aid, if I could take the medallion to them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian frowned, looking at the medallion in Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand. \u8220\'93That amulet is our only chance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Shaw who came to Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side, both figuratively and literally. \u8220\'93We need to explore every possibility,\u8221\'94 he told the King, as he stepped forward in front of her and Kamery, who still stood protectively near Carolyn. In a lower voice for only the two of them, he murmured, \u8220\'93I look forward to your report, about everything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was unreadable, as his eyes scanned the group surrounding him. They fixed on Raynn, with her armor and shield. \u8220\'93Take your friends,\u8221\'94 he instructed Bryna. \u8220\'93Do not lose it.\u8221\'94 At Varian\u8217\'92s command, Shaw held the medallion out to Bryna.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She nodded, feeling the odd weight as he handed it to her. The gold and onyx themselves weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t heavy, but the medallion, even broken as it was, dragged down on her hand. She quickly slipped it into an empty pocket in her backpack, well away from her other magical materials.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Varian had mentioned friends, Raynn had stepped closer to them. She looked questioningly at Carolyn and Kamery now. Both sisters nodded, and Bryna took a few steps back to give herself room for the portal to Theramore. She hoped that Jaina wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mind their passing through on the way to Tanaris.}}