{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back in the antechamber leading into the large central cavern, Carolyn cast another holy spell with a sigh. King or not, Varian was drawing her ire; he was reckless in combat, and didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even have a shield as Raynn did. The auburn-haired warrior was doing her best to draw the attention of their enemies, but Varian, and Broll, were aggressive fighters. At least Broll\u8217\'92s bear hide was thick enough to blunt most of the damage that came his way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Enough,\u8221\'94 Carolyn took advantage of a break in the combat, stopping the group before they charged into the central cavern. Surely Kamery and Elthas would be back soon to report their findings. The priestess most certainly did not want to take on the entire population of the Dark Iron city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Luckily, Varian and Broll were solicitous enough of her role to stop immediately. Raynn looked at Carolyn with amused understanding; she knew the priestess\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s endurance well enough to know that this rest wasn\u8217\'92t required.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna, however, took advantage of the moment, conjuring a magical refreshment for herself and settling down on a nearby rock to drink. She offered some to Carolyn, who accepted for appearances\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 sake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His face creased with concern, Varian looked down at her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will you be able to keep up?\u8221\'94 he asked her, frowning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn frowned back. As she grew accustomed to the King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s presence, her healer sensibilities came to the forefront. \u8220\'93I will if you stop charging in and taking so many blows. Let Raynn\u8217\'92s shield absorb them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The King looked taken aback by her censure, but also a little chagrined. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We must find Windsor,\u8221\'94 he insisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Already done.\u8221\'94 Kamery emerged from the shadows of the connecting corridor behind Raynn, startling both warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is he?\u8221\'94 Varian demanded, looking around as he recovered from his surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He says they took his weapon and destroyed his notes. He\u8217\'92s\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she hesitated\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93he\u8217\'92s lost all hope. He wouldn\u8217\'92t come with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian slumped, his face falling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We needed Windsor\u8217\'92s research to counter the Black Dragonflight. If his notes are lost, we have no chance to reveal the impostors.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They may not be lost.\u8221\'94 Elthas spoke as he shifted out of feline form, approaching from the side. From his pack, he retrieved a stained, crumpled piece of paper. \u8220\'93I found this.\u8221\'94 He gestured vaguely towards the tunnels beyond the grate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian started to reach out for the note, but a light touch on his arm from Broll stopped him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well done, young one.\u8221\'94 the elder druid smiled. \u8220\'93What does it say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn smiled to herself as she stood. She knew that Broll had been somewhat critical of Elthas earlier, and it was good to hear the compliment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas frowned at the paper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can only make out a few words,\u8221\'94 he admitted, \u8220\'93but it speaks of Windsor\u8217\'92s research. It seems as though the Dark Irons are working on decrypting them. Two names are mentioned, General Angerforge and Argelmach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian turned back towards the large chamber. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We must retrieve the information from them then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have no idea where they are,\u8221\'94 Bryna pointed out. The mage was still sitting on her rock, looking more like she was on a picnic than a military operation. The brim of her red hat tilted as she glanced at Carolyn with a raised eyebrow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn understood, even as her chest tightened at the idea. They needed direction though, or Varian would likely bring the wrath of the entire Dark Iron clan on them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s find out then,\u8221\'94 she said softly. \u8220\'93Wait here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Understanding immediately, Kamery came to her side. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t have to do this.\u8221\'94 The rogue\u8217\'92s eyes crinkled. \u8220\'93I could ask them nicely.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All right, you try first then.\u8221\'94}}