{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn felt a flash of gratitude towards Kamery, as she strode ahead of the questioning mage. Passing a stand of fir trees, she used the thick, fragrant branches to hide their small group from the nearby watchtower. Tarren Mill lay to the north, so their route threaded between the village and the towers to the south.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Much of her knowledge of this area was from the air, rather than ground, but in some ways, that made the navigation easier. She could easily picture the positions of the towers along the main east-west road. The same road that she had stood on five years ago, and lied to an army.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her memories were interrupted by another question. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if we didn\u8217\'92t do this?\u8221\'94 Carolyn mused. \u8220\'93The Horde has done so much damage.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Varian wouldn\u8217\'92t have been traveling to Kalimdor to get kidnapped,\u8221\'94 Kamery added, but her tone showed that she knew that wasn\u8217\'92t the only concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn was about to speak, to give in to the emotions that this situation was rubbing raw, but Elthas shifted out of form to answer first.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 the druid stated firmly. \u8220\'93Thrall\u8217\'92s Horde were instrumental in the defense of the World Tree.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn looked at the druid in surprise. She had forgotten how long-lived the Kaldorei were. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Were you there?\u8221\'94 Had he also met Thrall and Jaina?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Elthas shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I was too young. I heard it from the elder druids though. The Alliance and the Horde both, held back the demons long enough for us to summon the Wisps. No matter what else they\u8217\'92ve done, we can\u8217\'92t forget that.\u8221\'94 From the corner of her eye, Raynn saw Bryna\u8217\'92s hat moving, as the mage nodded her agreement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a nod of her own, Raynn led them up a small hill. Her pace increased, her blood pounding in her ears. They were almost there. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Stay in control. After everything he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s done for me\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 I won\u8217\'92t let Thrall down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the crest of the hill, the solid stone walls of Durnholde came into view, still intact and pristine. Thrall would change that, although not today. Raynn closed her eyes briefly, pushing back the flood of memories that battered at her like a ship in a storm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wait to purge them in the flames of the incendiary charges she carried. Couldn\u8217\'92t wait to burn the internment camp to the ground. She had been too young then, but not anymore. Her fists clenched at her sides.}}