{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the bustling streets of Stormwind, Kamery makes her way to the SI:7 headquarters to report the successful completion of their Deadmines operation to Mathias Shaw. Meanwhile, Carolyn, feeling the need for a moment of reflection, decides to visit the Cathedral of Light.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Carolyn steps into the grand Cathedral, its towering spires reaching toward the heavens, she finds solace in the quiet serenity within. While admiring the stained glass windows depicting the Light's teachings, she is approached by Thomas, a young altar boy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Excuse me, ma'am," Thomas says politely. "Bishop DeLavey has been seeking an adventurer with discretion. Might you be the one he's looking for?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Intrigued, Carolyn agrees to meet with Bishop DeLavey. They convene in a side chamber of Stormwind Keep, away from the prying eyes of the court. The bishop explains the delicate situation: a diplomat has gone missing on his way to meet Jaina Proudmoore in Theramore, and they need someone trustworthy to deliver a letter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bishop DeLavey hands Carolyn the sealed letter and implores her to find the missing diplomat and deliver the message. The letter contains important information that could shed light on the diplomat's disappearance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stepping out of Stormwind Keep, Carolyn makes her way to a fisherman named Jorgen, just outside the city walls. Jorgen receives the letter, scans its contents, and hands Carolyn a second letter addressed to Elling Trias, a cheese vendor in the Trade District.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With Kamery now joining her, Carolyn delivers the letter to Elling Trias, who, after reading the contents, sends them to Watcher Backus near Darkshire for further instructions. Watcher Backus is concerned about Defias activity in western Duskwood and asks the two adventurers to investigate.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Following the clues, Carolyn and Kamery make their way to Addle's Stead in Duskwood, where they uncover crucial information about the Defias plans. Satisfied with their findings, they return to Elling Trias with the intelligence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trias, pleased with their efforts, entrusts them with one more task \endash  to meet his contact in Menethil Harbour, where the next chapter of their adventure awaits.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas, having dedicated himself to furthering his druidic studies in the serene surroundings of Darnassus, finds fulfillment in mastering new forms. The cheetah form, allowing for swift travel on land, brings a joyful sense of speed, and the sea lion form, facilitating underwater exploration, deepens his connection with nature.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With his training complete, Elthas decides it's time to reunite with his friends in the Eastern Kingdoms. Boarding the boat from Auberdine to Menethil Harbour, he enjoys the gentle rocking of the vessel as it makes its way across the ocean. The rhythmic sound of the waves against the boat's hull lulls him into a state of contemplation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the boat docks at Menethil Harbour, Elthas steps onto the solid ground of the Eastern Kingdoms. To his pleasant surprise, he doesn't have to search far to find his companions. There, standing on the pier, are Carolyn and Kamery \endash  the reunion marked by smiles and the warmth of shared camaraderie. The trio, now reunited, prepares for the adventures that lie ahead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna, having honed her arcane skills under the guidance of her mage trainers in Stormwind, reaches a milestone in her magical education. She learns the intricate spell to teleport to Theramore, a city known for its association with powerful mages and strategic importance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eager to expand her knowledge, Bryna ventures to Theramore, seeking the mentorship of none other than Jaina Proudmoore. As one of the most formidable mages on Azeroth, Jaina's tutelage promises invaluable insights into the arcane arts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 During her time in Theramore, Bryna delves into advanced magical studies under Jaina's watchful eye. The city's serene surroundings provide a conducive environment for focused learning. The mentorship becomes the foundation for future visits, as Bryna's magical prowess continues to grow under Jaina's guidance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The trio, consisting of Kamery, Carolyn, and Elthas, unravels the mystery surrounding the missing diplomat, only to discover that the individual in question is none other than Varian Wrynn, the absent king of Stormwind. The trail of clues points them in the direction of Theramore, prompting Mikhail, their reliable bartender contact in Menethil Harbour, to assure them that he will relay information to Elling Trias. Urged by the urgency of the situation, the group wastes no time and boards the next available ship bound for Theramore.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery, Carolyn, and Elthas, driven by their determination to uncover the truth behind the missing diplomat, King Varian Wrynn, follow the trail of clues leading to Theramore. The pieces of the puzzle seem to converge on this coastal city, prompting them to embark on the next available ship from Menethil Harbour.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the ship cuts through the open waters, the trio contemplates the gravity of their mission. The missing king's whereabouts and the political implications weigh heavily on their minds. Their journey to Theramore becomes a crucial step in unraveling the mystery and, perhaps, bringing the lost monarch back to Stormwind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Upon reaching Theramore, the adventurers brace themselves for the challenges that lie ahead. The port city holds its own secrets and intrigues, and they are determined to navigate through them to uncover the truth behind King Varian Wrynn's disappearance. The investigation intensifies as they delve deeper into the political landscape of Azeroth, each step bringing them closer to the heart of the matter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Theramore, the trio continues their investigation, following leads that lead them to the watch towers outside the city. At Sentry Point, they encounter Archmage Tervosh, a companion of Jaina Proudmoore, who has been sent to assist them. Tervosh shares crucial information, indicating that their target is further west, and he pledges to join them there with reinforcements.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pressing onward, the adventurers confront the suspect, Private Hendel. With the combined efforts of Kamery, Carolyn, Elthas, and the reinforcements provided by Tervosh and Bryna, Hendel is subdued. The mission, at least for now, is a success.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the aftermath of the confrontation, the group takes a moment to rest at the inn in Theramore. The weight of the investigation and the events surrounding King Varian Wrynn's disappearance lingers in the air, but their collaboration with Jaina's allies has proven fruitful. As they gather their strength, they know that more challenges and revelations lie ahead in their quest for the truth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the cozy confines of the inn in Theramore, Kamery, Carolyn, Elthas, and Bryna gathered around a sturdy wooden table. The air was filled with a mix of tension and relief, the aftermath of a successful confrontation with Private Hendel still lingering.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn, her priestess robes marked by the day's exertion, leaned forward, her eyes reflecting the flickering candlelight. "Well, that was unexpected. A missing diplomat turning out to be King Varian Wrynn himself. Do you think Jaina knew about this?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery, taking a sip from her mug of ale, shook her head. "Hard to say. Our contacts in Menethil Harbour seemed as surprised as we were. And Jaina... she's got her secrets."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas, in his night elf form, nodded thoughtfully. "Regardless, we've played our part. Now we wait for Tervosh and the reinforcements. Hopefully, they can shed more light on this situation."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna, her red hat pulled low, listened intently. "What's our next move, then? Do we stick around Theramore or head back to Stormwind?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery glanced at Carolyn, then to Elthas and Bryna. "I say we wait for Tervosh, share what we've uncovered, and see where that leads us. We've got a missing king, and that's no small matter."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they discussed their next steps, the inn's common room buzzed with activity. Patrons laughed and chatted, and the innkeeper bustled about attending to their needs. In the midst of uncertainty, the camaraderie among the four adventurers served as an anchor, a reminder that they were stronger together.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas, now in his sea lion form, gracefully glided through the waters off the coast of Dustwallow. The ocean's depths, illuminated by scattered sunlight, concealed the wreckage of the ill-fated ship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he swam among the debris, Elthas marveled at the newfound freedom granted by his aquatic form. The sea's currents carried him effortlessly, and he deftly maneuvered around pieces of the ship's hull. Eventually, he reached the ocean floor, where the remnants of the vessel lay scattered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Using his druidic senses, Elthas retrieved various pieces of debris, examining them for clues about the ship's origin and cargo. His keen eyes discerned the glint of enchanted metal amidst the wreckage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Picking up a pair of manacles, Elthas swam back to the waiting group. Breaking through the surface, he transformed back into his night elf form and handed the manacles to Renn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas emerged from the ocean, the enchanted manacles in hand, and made his way back to the shore where Renn McGill, the SI:7 agent, awaited anxiously.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Found these among the wreckage," Elthas said, handing the manacles to Renn. "They're enchanted, and there's a good chance the ship's cargo was a human prisoner. Any leads on who it might be?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Renn examined the enchanted restraints, a furrow forming on his brow. "Not yet, but this is crucial information. We should report back to Theramore immediately. The prisoner could be linked to either the missing king or the Defias threat."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Acknowledging the urgency of the situation, the group made their way back to Theramore, ready to share their findings and uncover the truth behind the mysterious shipwreck.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the group emerged from Bryna's portal in Theramore, they found Jaina waiting for them, her expression a mix of anticipation and worry.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What did Bolvar say?" Jaina inquired, her eyes searching theirs for any sign of hope.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas spoke up, "He expressed concern but Lady Prestor dismissed our findings as baseless speculation."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina's eyes narrowed with frustration at Prestor's dismissal, but she quickly composed herself. "I appreciate your efforts. We cannot afford to let this matter slide. I've been informed that the Black Dragonflight is involved, and that's a dangerous element we can't ignore."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She paused, considering their next move. "I need you to investigate Alcaz Island more thoroughly. Whatever the Black Dragonflight's role is, it's crucial to our search for Varian. Take the gryphons again and report back with any information you find."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The group nodded in agreement, ready to delve deeper into the mystery surrounding Varian's disappearance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Under the cover of night, Kamery and Elthas approached Alcaz Island on one of Theramore's gryphons. The cool sea breeze carried the scent of salt and adventure as the island loomed ahead, shrouded in darkness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas whispered to Kamery, "We need to be careful. The naga have taken over this place, and they won't take kindly to intruders."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded, her keen rogue instincts at the forefront. As they descended, Elthas signaled the gryphon to circle around the perimeter of the island, keeping a watchful eye for any signs of activity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The pair dismounted near the edge of the island, the gryphon disappearing into the night sky. Elthas shifted into his stealthy feline form, his night elven figure blending seamlessly with the shadows. Kamery, a master of subtlety, moved with a rogue's grace beside him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They slinked through the dense foliage, avoiding naga patrols and keeping to the outskirts of the deserted town. The silence was broken only by the distant murmur of the sea and the occasional eerie cry of a naga.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they reached the center of the town, Elthas pointed to a sturdy cage. "This is where Varian was held. The scent trail leads towards the rune circle."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery examined the disturbed ground and discarded shackles near the circle. "It looks like there was a fierce fight, but against whom? The naga or the Defias?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas crouched down to inspect the ground. "Varian managed to break free, and then there was a clash between the Defias and the naga. But look here, the scent trails... it's as if Varian's presence split into two directions."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery frowned. "That's strange. Magic, perhaps?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas nodded, "It's a possibility. Let's follow both trails and see where they lead."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they moved toward the rune circle, the magical essence in the air became palpable, and the scent trails became more confusing. The duo continued their stealthy investigation, determined to uncover the mysteries that Alcaz Island held.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina listened intently as Kamery and Elthas reported their findings. When they explained the confusing scent trails and the magical essence lingering in the air, Jaina sighed. "It seems we've hit a dead end for now. I can't discern the full extent of the magic involved, and without more concrete leads, we can't risk further investigation."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She glanced at Tervosh, who nodded solemnly. "Indeed, Lady Proudmoore. I will continue to monitor for any magical traces that may lead us to Varian, but we must proceed with caution."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina turned back to Kamery and Elthas. "I appreciate your efforts. Unfortunately, there's nothing more we can do at the moment. The safety of Theramore comes first."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The duo nodded, understanding the difficult decision. "If anything changes, we'll be ready to assist," Kamery assured.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina sighed, "Thank you. I'll keep you informed if we discover anything substantial."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Kamery and Elthas left Jaina's chambers, they found the rest of their group waiting anxiously in the inn. Carolyn and Bryna looked up expectantly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery shook her head. "No luck. Jaina and Tervosh will continue to investigate magically, but for now, there's little we can do."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas added, "We need to be patient. If Varian's out there, they'll find him. In the meantime, perhaps we should return to Menethil. We saw many people in need of help when we passed through earlier."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The group agreed, their resolve unbroken despite the challenges. They prepared to set sail back to Menethil Harbour, ready to face whatever challenges awaited them in the Eastern Kingdoms.}}