{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bounding through the wide streets of Darnassus, Elthas circled around the thick trunk of Teldrassil, enjoying his homecoming, however brief. His sensitive nose filled with familiar scents, and his keen vision absorbed the sweeping boughs stretching through the tree-top city. Although his feline form wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t as good with color, his memory retained the vibrant greens and pinks of the leaves, which grew and fell throughout the year.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No time to enjoy the foliage now though, he reminded himself; he was on a mission! Slowing down, his gaze shifted from the natural beauty to a careful study of the Humans and Gnomes gathered around the central trunk, paying no mind to the few Dwarves among them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sturdy race didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take well to magic, and he was looking for a mage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he approached the broad bridge that spanned the lake in the middle of the city, he appreciated the courtesy of the outsiders to stay in this central area. If he had to search the entire city, this would take too long. Carolyn had described her sister as cool and confident; if Kamery needed help, he knew it must be urgent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turning onto the bridge, he detected the familiar scent of magic and his eyes narrowed. A Human female sat on a bench at the edge of the span, studying a book. He sniffed again, trying to determine if the strong scent was coming from her or the tome. No matter, only a mage would be reading a magic book. He loped up to her, and shifted out of form smoothly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mage started, looking up at him from under a wide-brimmed red hat. He reminded himself that he should shift first, then approach, but it was too late now. He tried to atone for it by bowing graciously. He felt clumsy, and too tall next to her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greetings. My friend and I were looking for a mage, to buy a portal to Stormwind.\u8221\'94 He looked at her hopefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Human gave a short sigh, glanced down at her book for a moment, then decisively snapped the heavy tome shut with a thud, not bothering to mark her page. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gold up front,\u8221\'94 she transitioned from studious to mercenary with a speed that dizzied even Elthas, who knew that his own thoughts were often a whirlwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The druid nodded, looking around for Carolyn; she had wanted to stop by the temple to say goodbye to Tyrande before leaving Darnassus. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can pay. I\u8217\'92m just waiting for my friend. What\u8217\'92s your name?\u8221\'94 He could at least be friendly while waiting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A small smile curved her deep red lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bryna. Yours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh! Elthas. My friend is Carolyn.\u8221\'94 Elthas sat down next to Bryna. It felt better to not be looking down so far. \u8220\'93Have you been in Darnassus long? How do you like it? Are you studying magic here?\u8221\'94 He paused\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Kaldorei eschewed the Arcane, so that was a silly question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna blinked in surprise, but gamely answered his questions as rapid-fire as they had been asked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Long enough. Yes. From books, yes.\u8221\'94 As Elthas paused to absorb her answers, she posed her own question. \u8220\'93Have you been to Stormwind before?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas shook his head, excitement blossoming anew at the prospect of exploring a new place. He inspected the mage with interest. She almost seemed out of place in the vibrant city. Other than her hat, the rest of her clothing was fairly plain. She wore a brown linen vest, well-tailored and elegantly embroidered, but simple in style. Matching short pants hugged her legs to the knees, and soft brown boots covered her feet. Around her wrists and elbows, she wore bracers trimmed in gold thread. He wondered if his senses had led him astray. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look like any powerful mage he had seen before, with their ornate robes and elaborate staffs and wands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She felt his appraisal, and smirked slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My parents are tailors.\u8221\'94 She gestured at her clothing. \u8220\'93We work with enchantment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eyes widening in surprise, Elthas asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was that the magic I sensed? I thought it was you or the book.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna looked at him, intrigued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can sense magic?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In feline form, yes.\u8221\'94 Elthas shifted easily, happy to see that Bryna didn\u8217\'92t jump this time. This close, it was easier to distinguish the scents. The book was the weakest of them all. Her clothing was indeed enchanted, but not very strongly; it was mostly illusions. Bryna herself though, she was interesting. He leaned closer, examining her hand, through scent and magical sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93El!\u8221\'94 Caro\u8217\'92s admonishing voice cut his examination short, and he realized perhaps he had once again overstepped some boundary. It took effort to be polite, and his feline curiosity had gotten the better of him. Carolyn had once jokingly told him the Humans\u8217\'92 saying \u8220\'93curiosity kills the cat.\u8221\'94 He hoped it wasn\u8217\'92t true.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Backing away from Bryna and shifting out of feline form, he gave his friend an apologetic look. Carolyn gave him a rueful, but understanding smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is Carolyn?\u8221\'94 Bryna stood to join them. She held a worn wooden quarterstaff in her hand now, the book tucked away in her backpack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas nodded eagerly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Caro, this is Bryna. She\u8217\'92s a mage.\u8221\'94 He remembered the mention of gold and turned to Bryna. \u8220\'93How much?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hesitate. This was apparently something she did often. \u8220\'93Five gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn faltered slightly at the cost, but then reached into her pouch to produce the coins. She carried the all of proceeds of their shared adventures. Although his pack transformed with him, his druidic magic shrinking his belongings to a manageable size in the purse around his cat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck, he had found that gold coins didn\u8217\'92t respond as well. They weighed him down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn handed over the coins, and they watched with interest as Bryna began casting the portal spell. Motes of arcane magic swirled around both of her hands, and he could feel the tingle of power against the druidic tattoos that twined up his arms. He and Carolyn were well-used to the portal from the base of Teldrassil up to Darnassus itself, but this would be the first time they had traveled by a mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s portal. He wondered if it would feel much different. It was much further too, so would it take longer or still be instantaneous?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Watching the arcane magic coalesce between Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands, Elthas\u8217\'92s thoughts shifted to what challenges might be waiting for them on the other side. Again, Carolyn\u8217\'92s praise of her sister echoed in his mind. Carolyn had told him that Kamery had been the one to encourage her to continue her priestly studies, after their parents had died of illness just over a year ago, leaving the sisters to fend for themselves. Kamery had also been the one to encourage her to follow her dreams to Darnassus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn had spoken highly of her sister, painting a picture of a competent, intelligent, level-headed Human. If she had felt the need to reach out for help\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should come with us!\u8221\'94 He spoke the words as soon as the idea formed in his mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both Bryna and Carolyn looked startled, the now-complete portal shimmering in the road between them, a wavering vision of a stately city of white stone visible in its center. Carolyn tilted her head slightly, silent question in her eyes. She was puzzled, but trusted his judgment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas forced his thoughts in order. His sense of Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s magic intrigued him. She had a lot of raw power. Although it seemed mostly untapped, as she was still young, she could still be a boon. \u8220\'93We are going to aid Carolyn\u8217\'92s sister in a dangerous task. We could use a competent mage.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna looked from him to Carolyn and back for a moment, considering. Carolyn seemed to understand something. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t afford to pay you up front, but there may be a reward afterwards. Kamery tends to do things that entail that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips twitched in a smile again. Elthas thought, hoped, that maybe she was amused at Carolyn\u8217\'92s assumption, rather than just pleased at the thought of payment. The brim of her red hat covered her eyes, especially from his height, so it was difficult to read her expression. Then the brim of the hat bobbed as she nodded. \u8220\'93Sure, why not. I\u8217\'92m getting bored here anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas shifted back to feline form for the journey, excitement surging through him. A new city, a new way of travel, and a new companion! He eagerly jumped through the shimmering portal. The two Human women followed close behind him, an old friend and a new one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A kaleidescope of sensations washed over him. Arcane magic tingled against his tattoos, now dyed into the fur of his shoulders, as the familiar sights and scents of Darnassus mingled with, and then were replaced by, something entirely new and unfamiliar. As the portal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s magic faded, Elthas looked around, ready for new adventures and exploration.}}