{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The journey to Feathermoon Stronghold proved to be both challenging and enlightening for Carolyn and Elthas. The rumors of trouble had not been exaggerated, and they found themselves deeply involved in addressing the issues plaguing the stronghold.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, Kamery delved into the mysteries of the Badlands, navigating the treacherous terrain and confronting the threats that lurked there. As an operative of SI:7, she skillfully gathered intelligence while dealing with the dangers that unfolded.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Theramore, Bryna's time with Jaina Proudmoore was fruitful, but her growing restlessness couldn't be ignored. The desire for adventure beckoned, and she yearned to reunite with the camaraderie of her fellow adventurers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As whispers of trouble reached the graceful boughs of Darnassus, Carolyn and Elthas found themselves drawn to Feathermoon Stronghold. The shimmering waters of the Veiled Sea reflected the moon's glow as the Kaldorei and their human companion sailed to the island sanctuary.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, Kamery, following Mathias Shaw's directives, ventured into the arid landscapes of the Badlands. The scorching winds carried whispers of nefarious activities, and Kamery delved into the heart of the mystery, her SI:7 skills honed by years of clandestine operations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna, nestled within Theramore's arcane embrace, studied under the watchful eye of Jaina Proudmoore. Yet, the pull of adventure tugged at her, and as she roamed the cobbled streets, she felt a restlessness settling in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn strolled into Theramore, the memories of her brief stay during her recovery in Felwood flooding back. She had been just a young adventurer then, nursing injuries and seeking refuge during the Battle of Mount Hyjal. Jaina Proudmoore had been a guiding light, a friend-like figure who had encouraged Raynn to explore her heritage in Stormwind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Approaching Jaina's quarters, Raynn couldn't help but feel a sense of gratitude. Jaina was the first positive human encounter outside of her parents, and her impact on Raynn's life was immeasurable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she entered, the familiarity of the surroundings enveloped her. Jaina looked up from her studies, a warm smile crossing her face.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Raynn! It's been a while. How have you been?" Jaina welcomed her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn returned the smile. "I've been well, Jaina. I'm heading to Tanaris to train with a master blacksmith. I wanted to stop by and say hello."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina's eyes sparkled with understanding. "Ah, pursuing your blacksmithing skills. That's commendable. Always remember, the path to self-discovery is as important as honing your craft."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they chatted, Bryna, who had been enjoying the sea breeze near the mage tower, noticed Raynn and approached them. Intrigued by the prospect of joining the duo on their journey, she greeted Raynn with a confident grin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Raynn, right?" Bryna asked, checking her memory of the warrior she had met briefly. "Mind if I tag along? I'm in need of some excitement, and your travels seem like just the thing I'm looking for."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn considered Bryna's request and then chuckled. "Well, I'm heading to Tanaris to train with a master blacksmith. It might not be the most thrilling adventure, but you're welcome to join. Just fair warning, it'll involve a lot of hammering and crafting."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna's eyes lit up with enthusiasm. "Crafting can be an adventure of its own! Count me in."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And so, with Jaina's encouraging smile and Bryna's newfound excitement, the trio set forth on their journey, bound for Tanaris and whatever crafting adventures awaited them.}}