{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the meantime, behind the heavy, ornately-carved throne, Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s senses picked up a whiff of powerful magic from the base of the seat. Kamery investigated the area, her experienced eyes identifying a hidden compartment. With nimble fingers, she worked it open, revealing Ironfoe within, the weapon thrumming with power. At Broll\u8217\'92s look of admiration, Elthas almost purred with delight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Drawing the shadows around themselves once more, the three stealthily made their way back the way they had come. With their prize now resting in Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bag, they rejoined their friends at the Black Forge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t long before Raynn completed her work. She now had several ingots of purified dark iron, ready to be worked into armor pieces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The reunited band retraced their steps, back through the Summoner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Tomb, the Grim Guzzler, and the garrisons, to return to the despondent Marshal in his prison cell. New hope flared at the return of Ironfoe and his notes, and Windsor readily joined them to leave the Dark Iron stronghold and return to Morgan\u8217\'92s Vigil.}}