{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they approached the entrance to Onyxia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lair, Bryna could see the powerful wards placed around the area. The rest of the riders slowed, dismounting near the entrance, as she moved to the forefront.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dismounting herself, she reached into her bag for the now-repaired amulet. It gleamed in the shadows of the cave entrance, a glossy, dark light. The potent magic was even more powerful now, here at its source, and Bryna found herself wishing that she wore full gloves; she remembered the sizzling, dark blood that Kamery had collected, that had made this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grimacing, pushing the memories away, she held the amulet outstretched, and stepped forward. As the amulet passed them, the wards dropped. She held her position as the rest of the small band passed her, moving further down the dimly lit tunnel within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian led the way, with Raynn and Broll just behind him. Bolvar Fordragon passed her next; the paladin gave her a small nod of acknowledgment. Kamery, Elthas, and Valeera slipped past after the paladin, disappearing almost instantly into the shadows of the cave. Carolyn and Jaina brought up the rear; the arch-mage smiled at Bryna, and she stepped into the cave, thankfully replacing the amulet in its protected pocket in her bag. The wards snapped shut behind her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they progressed further into the twisting tunnel, they encountered the first of Onyxia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dragonspawn guards, and Varian thankfully allowed Raynn to take the lead. The dragonspawns were no match for their determination, and they quickly reached the massive oval chamber where the brood-mother lay.}}