{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Following behind Varian as he strode into the throne room, Carolyn took a moment to absorb the grandiose audience chamber. Built from the same white marble as the rest of the keep, the octagonal room was enormous. Pillars of darker marble flanked walls festooned with royal blue banners and draperies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A low dais filled the middle of the room; at its rear stood the throne of Stormwind. Behind the blue-draped, gilded marble seat hung the lion banner of Stormwind. To either side of the throne, doorways led deeper into the Keep, and Carolyn felt her sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s presence, although she couldn\u8217\'92t see Kamery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Myriad expensive perfumes tickled Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nose, coming from the richly clad nobles gathered in the alcoves between pillars. A murmur of whispers scurried around the room at Varian\u8217\'92s appearance; his face, beneath the scars, was an exact mirror of the man he now faced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The beautiful, dark-haired woman at the right hand of the man standing in front of the throne was scowling angrily at the moment. Her expression darkened even more as Varian approached, his steps quickly closing the distance to his doppelganger. Windsor paced the King at his left side, and Raynn took his right flank. Carolyn followed behind the three, with Bryna and Jaina to either side of her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is the meaning of this?\u8221\'94 the paladin standing on the other Varian\u8217\'92s left side demanded sternly, his suspicious gaze fixed on Varian. Carolyn realized that he must be Bolvar Fordragon, and at the moment, he didn\u8217\'92t sound particularly supportive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This man is an impostor,\u8221\'94 declared the woman, presumably Lady Katrana Prestor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal Windsor wasted no time on pleasantries, however. Drawing his notes from his belt pouch, he began reciting the draconic spell that he had transcribed within. Prestor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face twisted with rage, and something else, as the words fell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Carolyn closed her eyes in a moment of silent prayer, she felt the weight of Windsor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words to her the night before. While the others had relaxed after dinner, the Marshal had drawn her to one side.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91If my translations are correct,\u8221\'94 he had told her gravely, \u8220\'93I will not survive this coming day. There will be nothing you can do, before or after. I accept this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Opening her eyes in acknowledgment of his sacrifice, she watched as Windsor completed the incantation, and Katrana Prestor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s guise fell away. As the woman grew and stretched and twisted into a massive black dragon, Windsor\u8217\'92s entire body burst into flame from within. The transformation only took a few seconds, but by the time it was complete, Windsor was gone. Carolyn\u8217\'92s heart ached, even as she took in the scene they now faced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looming over the throne stood a creature far larger than any of the drakes Carolyn had encountered before. The dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horned head almost brushed the ceiling of the large room as she reared up, spreading her leathery black wings. The smell of smoke and ash filled the room. Darkly gleaming obsidian scales covered the dragon\u8217\'92s body, and her four feet were tipped with razor-sharp black claws.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Onyxia roared with rage; her voice was a command, and around the room, several of the courtiers and guardsmen similarly transformed into dragonspawn. With the hindquarters of a small dragon, and a humanoid torso, they were fearsome creatures. Light armor covered their obsidian scales and they wielded wicked polearms. Glowing red eyes fixed on the small group clustered at the edge of the dais as the dragonspawn converged. From the connecting hallways, several more dragonspawn rushed in at their brood-mother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s call, their claws clattering ominously against the marble tiles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the dragon had transformed, those closest to Lady Prestor had stumbled back from the growing threat. Both Varians were now struggling to regain their footing on the right side of the dais. Beyond them, Bolvar Fordragon had tripped and fallen off the edge of the dais. He rose now, drawing his sword at the threat. Although the paladin moved to stand protectively to Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right side, he looked a little befuddled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At Windsor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sacrifice, Raynn\u8217\'92s face had hardened. Now she adjusted to the new circumstances, taking the Marshall\u8217\'92s place on Carolyn\u8217\'92s left side. Her sword and shield were at the ready as she placed herself protectively between Onyxia and the spell-casters. Bryna and Jaina had closed together behind Carolyn, and she took a few steps forward onto the dais, to give them room to retreat. Both were now employing the full extent of their frost magic to slow the oncoming attackers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ahead of Carolyn to the right, the two Varians regained their footing, and faced off against each other. Both drew their weapons. Their attention seemed more on each other than on the black dragon threatening them all.}}