{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the small army proceeded into the Molten Core, Bryna refreshed her shield of frost. The icy magic helped against the oppressive heat. Even more so than the outer tunnels that formed the city of the Dark Iron Dwarves, the Core was built over open pools and streams of magma. The air around them rippled with the heat, making breathing difficult.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t without recourse though, as she and others had woven enchantments through much of the armor and weapons they used. Kamery had also provided them with potions that would completely neutralize the effects of heat and fire, but the alchemist rogue had warned that the potent potions were short-lived, so they were only to be used in dire circumstances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn had recently completed her set of dark iron armor, and she strode tall and easily at the head of the advance. At the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side, Broll looked a little less comfortable, in his ursine form, but he proceeded without complaint. Nearer Bryna, she could see Elthas, equally uncomfortable, with his ears flat and his whiskers drooping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Determination won out over discomfort though, along with hope.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not long after receiving their Royal Commission, they had been sent to the Searing Gorge, to disrupt the Dark Iron mining operations there. One thing had led to another, culminating with the return to the depths of Blackrock Mountain, and the death of Emperor Dagran Thaurissan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Part of the fallout of the Emperor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s death had been the dissemination of the knowledge of just how deep Ragnaros\u8217\'92s influence went with the Dark Iron Dwarves. That knowledge had attracted the attention of opposing water elementals. After proving themselves to the Waterlords, they had been granted an enchanted vial that would extinguish the runes that protected the inner sanctum of the Firelord.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That vial now lay in Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s backpack, in a specially protected pocket.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The runes were protected by the captains of the Fire Lord\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s armies, powerful Flamewalkers, but they were no match for the determination of Varian\u8217\'92s army. One by one, the captains fell, and the runes were extinguished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the seventh, final, rune, the earth of the caverns shuddered and trembled, and a new path opened before them, spiraling upwards to a high underground mesa. Atop the plateau waited Ragnaros\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s majordomo and his honor guard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The guards, Bryna noted with satisfaction, were vulnerable to polymorph. She enacted the spell, and gave a smirk of irony as one of the Flamewalkers shrunk down to a polar bear cub with a surprised squeak. Jaina and another mage followed her example in a more mundane way, transforming their targets into sheep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the harmless creatures wandered aimlessly on the battlefield, the mages turned their more destructive spells to the remainder of the guards, who had converged on Broll, as Raynn kept the attention of the majordomo himself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Executus, their watery allies had told them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the last of his guards fell, Executus showed his true nature. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Impossible! Stay your attack, mortals\u8230\'85 I submit! I submit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is your master?\u8221\'94 Varian demanded. The King\u8217\'92s breathing was harsh from combat, but his voice was regal and commanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Executus slithered away, cowed, but still defiant. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I go now to summon the lord whose house this is. Should you seek an audience with him, your paltry lives will surely be forfeit! Nevertheless, seek out his lair, if you dare!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Following his trail, they soon reached an even deeper level of the cavern, previously sealed, where the rock spiraled down to the very level of the magma. At a pool of magma in the center, Executus stood prepared to summon Ragnaros. The army spread out along the curving arms of stone that cut through the magma, with Varian and Shaw directing their positioning.}}