{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Varian paced away, his footsteps echoing in the stillness of the Draenor night. The weight of responsibility bore down on him, a burden that transcended the physical armor he wore. The clash of ideals with Raynn lingered, each word a reminder of Stormwind's expectations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yet, as he distanced himself from the garrison's center, Varian found his steps halting. The cool breeze carried whispers of battle and uncertainty, mirroring the turbulence within him. He clenched his fists, grappling with conflicting emotions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moonlit silhouette of Raynn, framed against the Garrison walls, haunted his thoughts. Her strength, her unwavering commitment to her beliefs, stirred something within him that he hadn't anticipated. The magnetic pull of her presence lingered, prompting him to reconsider the rigid walls he'd erected around himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian turned, retracing his steps, and approached Raynn once more. The moonlight outlined her figure, accentuating the determination etched on her face. His gaze softened, catching the glint of silver in her auburn hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Commander," he called, his voice less authoritative, revealing a vulnerability he rarely allowed to surface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn turned, her amber eyes meeting his with a mixture of curiosity and reservation. "Your Majesty?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian paused, the moon casting shadows across his stern visage. "This war has cost us much, and the road ahead is uncertain. We may not always agree on the path, but I can't deny your strength and dedication."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn's guarded expression softened slightly, a trace of surprise in her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian took a step closer, his voice low, almost a whisper carried away by the wind. "Strength deserves acknowledgment, even when veiled in disagreement."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A flicker of understanding passed between them, a recognition that extended beyond the complexities of politics and war. Varian's gaze lingered on Raynn, not just as a commander but as a woman of resilience and conviction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, though uncertain of Varian's intentions, sensed a shift in the air. The moonlight played on the edges of her armor, casting a subdued glow. "Your Majesty, we all carry the weight of our choices in this war. Unity, even among differences, is our greatest strength."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian nodded, acknowledging the truth in her words. As he turned to leave once more, his steps were less rigid, and the turmoil within him seemed to ease, if only momentarily. The night embraced Lunarfall, shrouding the Garrison in a tranquil stillness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a temporary respite before the storm of challenges that awaited them on Draenor's unforgiving soil.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}