{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sun blazed high overhead, bathing the fallow fields of Westfall in warm light. The white watchtower of Sentinel Hill shone in the distance, a beacon of Stormwind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s influence in this border territory. The smell of the nearby sea filled the air, fresh and sharp with a salty tang.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Flying overhead on a hired gryphon, Raynn reveled in the familiar feeling of the wind on her face, blowing her ponytail out behind her. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ride much these days\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the gryphon masters of Stormwind had trained their charges well, and they would only fly where their master directed them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although her first such flight had returned her to the comfort of Ironforge four years ago, she had chafed at the restriction. She missed having control over the mount herself, as she had in her youth in Aerie Peak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Wildhammer Dwarves there had taken her in as a young foster, when she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d had nowhere else to go, not long after her life had been completely shattered. She had enjoyed her time with them, learning combat techniques, blacksmithing, and gryphon riding. The three happy years had ended abruptly though. That, Raynn knew, she had brought on herself, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 despite upending her life again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she had no regrets for her actions that fateful day in Southshore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the well-trained gryphon circled in to land at its familiar perch, the approaching ground  pushed away her turbulent memories, bringing her thoughts back to the current moment. The flight had saved her hours of overland travel, and she decided that despite the lack of freedom, even the restricted flights had their merits. Dismounting in the small gryphon yard, the feel of her iron boots landing on solid ground dispelled the last of Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reminiscences. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked around the town that had grown up around the watchtower; the solid stone tower dominated, of course. Surrounding it were a handful of small wooden cottages with thatched roofs; smoke from several of the chimneys drifted on the wind, lending the air a faint acrid smell. On the edge of town, a lumber mill stood, now quiet and idle. A larger building opposite the entrance of the tower must be the inn that Kamery had mentioned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thought of the rogue brought conflicting feelings to Raynn. She had been a bit surprised when the young woman had come to see her at the forge, although in hindsight, she shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been. Kamery had hinted at future partnerships on their way to Westbrook. She had also asked questions that had discomfited Raynn. Memories were fine in the freedom of the air. On the ground, she preferred to focus on the present.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s questions had seemed innocent enough, but there had been a disconcerting perceptiveness in the young rogue\u8217\'92s gaze. She had proposed a worthy quest though, telling Raynn that she had uncovered the headquarters of the Defias Brotherhood. Although once members of the Stonemason\u8217\'92s Guild that had rebuilt Stormwind, the Defias had turned to criminal activity, and now posed a threat to the city\u8217\'92s security. Kamery had needed assistance in taking down their leadership.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn smiled to herself as she remembered the rogue\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s uncomfortable shuffle at that admission. The woman was fiercely independent, a feeling that Raynn understood too well. There was value in teamwork though, and she eagerly anticipated fighting as part of a group again. She was particularly swayed by Kamery\u8217\'92s mention of her sister, a priestess, who would be joining them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pushing aside her lingering doubts and memories, Raynn turned towards the inn, where Kamery had said to meet. She wondered if the rogue had arrived yet, as she approached the sprawling two-story building. The inn looked as though it had undergone several expansions; the dark beams criss-crossing the whitewashed wood of its walls didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t always align at the corners. Like all of the cottages, the roof was thatched with brown straw, with a stone chimney that emitted lazy swirls of smoke and hope of a warm meal.}}