{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna looked around the ruins of Zul\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Farrak with satisfaction. Carolyn and Elthas\u8217\'92s arrival in Gadgetzan had been just what she had needed, both in terms of her turmoil that day, and for this new adventure. Her experiences at the Caverns of Time now carefully cataloged away, she was glad to finally have the chance to explore this sand-swept city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sandstone walls, once intricately carved, but now crumbling, marked out the various sections of the Troll city. Within the walls, huts built from wood rose up over the sand on upright logs. Among the buildings, the undead remnants of the inhabitants rambled aimlessly. Aimless, unless one got too close, of course, which was why Elthas was plodding next to Bryna and Carolyn in his bear form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna knew that the druid wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t overly happy with the lumbering form, but it was a more effective protector for the two spell-casters. Raynn, they all knew, would be an even more effective protector, allowing Elthas to put his panther\u8217\'92s claws to good use on the annoyingly persistent undead. Raynn, however, was still finishing up her new breastplate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna had watched the warrior work for an afternoon, but while Raynn had worked, Trenton had once again regaled the mage with tales of enchanted artifacts to be found in Zul\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Farrak. She had talked Elthas and Carolyn into joining her, making a well-rounded, if small, group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had made good progress through the city so far, although they hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t found much of interest yet. A few minor trinkets now rested at the bottom of Bryna\u8217\'92s backpack, but nothing like the treasures that Trenton had referred to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rounding a corner, they saw that they had come full circle, and were now once more facing the entrance to the city. Bryna frowned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think this is it,\u8221\'94 Carolyn said, her tone a mix of disappointment and relief. \u8220\'93I hate undead. They\u8217\'92re so persistent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas shifted out of form. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can we leave then?\u8221\'94 He sounded so hopeful, Bryna had to nod ruefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Happily, the druid dropped down into cheetah form for the run back to Gadgetzan. Bryna pulled out her carpet as Carolyn whistled for her moonsaber.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll have to show me how that\u8217\'92s made sometime.\u8221\'94 The priestess looked admiringly at the carpet, but the caress she gave to her mount made Bryna think she wouldn\u8217\'92t use it herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve heard there are patterns for flying carpets too,\u8221\'94 the mage told Carolyn, and saw her own eagerness to learn such a thing reflected in the priestess\u8217\'92s grey eyes. Moonsabers, as far as Bryna knew, couldn\u8217\'92t fly. \u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t found the actual pattern yet though,\u8221\'94 she admitted with disappointment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn smiled though. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someday, we\u8217\'92ll find it.\u8221\'94 She was always so positive, and Bryna drank it in. The past couple of days in the presence of Carolyn\u8217\'92s optimism and Elthas\u8217\'92s enthusiasm had been refreshing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nudging her carpet forward, the mage followed the two felines out of the Troll ruins and back to Gadgetzan. A glance at the sky told her that it was almost time for lunch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lunch, it turned out, would have to wait.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they rode through the gates back into the town, Carolyn gave a happy cry, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kam!\u8221\'94 as she saw a familiar black-clad figure standing by the forge watching Raynn work. She and Elthas rushed over to greet the rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna began to follow her friends, but another figure, standing near the southern entrance to the town caught her eye. A Quel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92dorei child, standing quietly, watching her. He was far too calm for a young child, and watched her too knowingly. Bryna shifted her weight, sending her carpet drifting in that direction instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boy acknowledged her with a half-bow when she approached. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greetings Bryna.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t met him before, she was fairly sure. At least, not in this form, she supposed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Andormu,\u8221\'94 the boy continued. \u8220\'93We need your assistance again at the Caverns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, that confirmed it. Bryna glanced over at her friends. She still hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t found a way to explain everything that had happened that day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bring your friends,\u8221\'94 Andormu invited, and Bryna felt that it wasn\u8217\'92t just a friendly suggestion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This time is worse?\u8221\'94 She asked, and the boy nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I must return,\u8221\'94 he said, turning to leave the town. \u8220\'93Come quickly.\u8221\'94}}