{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Thrall, Warchief of the Horde, watched the scene unfold from his vantage point, the revelations from Farsight lingering in his mind. The orcish warriors loading onto ships, the human army marching towards an inevitable confrontation, and the lone figure of Raynn caught in the middle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all were pieces of a puzzle that demanded resolution.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the last of the humans disappeared into the distance, Thrall and Grom rode towards Raynn, their war wolves carrying them with purpose. Grom's voice, gruff and determined, echoed the weight of a blood oath. Thrall nodded in agreement, his mind contemplating the complexities that unfolded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom's words, "You come with us, human," were delivered with an unmistakable sense of urgency, a blood oath rekindled by the threat looming over the girl. Thrall understood the honor that bound Grom to this promise, and the responsibility he, too, felt as Warchief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The slight hesitation in Raynn's response didn't escape Thrall's observant gaze. Grom's explanation, spoken with a sternness that conveyed both duty and concern, weighed heavily on her. Thrall recognized the acceptance in her eyes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the realization that she stood at the crossroads of alliances, and her fate would no longer be tethered to the Wildhammers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'll go with you," she declared, her voice steady and determined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall felt a mixture of relief and uncertainty. Relief that Grom's honor-bound promise would be upheld, and uncertainty about the unknown path they were embarking upon. The girl's actions spoke of a bravery that transcended the racial tensions of their world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she scribbled a note to the Wildhammers, Thrall sensed the unspoken complexities of her decision\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sacrifice she made for the promise of protection. Together, they rode back to Southshore, the ships standing tall as silent vessels of destiny. Thrall boarded his flagship, his mind grappling with the weight of leadership and the uncharted waters that awaited them. The Horde set sail, guided by the winds of fate and the unspoken bond that now tied them to the journey ahead.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}