{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Barrens stretched out before Grom Hellscream, a vast, desolate land echoing with the footsteps of the Warsong clan. The orcs, disciplined and resolute, marched through the arid terrain. Grom's eyes, once filled with the fiery spirit of a warrior, now flickered with the unsettling glow of a growing bloodlust.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the fading light of the Barrens, Grom's thoughts were consumed by the ever-intensifying rage that coursed through his veins. Thrall, the Warchief, had ventured to Stonetalon Peak, seeking guidance from the elusive Oracle, leaving Grom to lead the Warsong orcs through the unfamiliar landscapes of Kalimdor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, the young human girl he had pledged to protect, walked among the orcs, a beacon of innocence in the midst of the encroaching darkness. Grom's blood oath to safeguard her clashed with the relentless fury building within him. He had been training Raynn, sparring with her in the evenings, but the growing bloodlust made these sessions increasingly challenging.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the Warsong clan moved through the Barrens and Ashenvale, skirmishes with the humans became more frequent. Grom, wrestling with the internal conflict, led raids against the Alliance forces. The clashes were violent, the air filled with the clash of weapons and war cries.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn, too young to join the war-bands, remained with the non-combatants. Grom's gaze would occasionally find her among the orcs, a reminder of the promise he had made to her father. In the evenings, despite the turmoil within him, Grom continued to spar with Raynn, his gruff exterior hiding the internal struggle against the encroaching bloodlust.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The training sessions became a battleground of their own, a reflection of Grom's inner turmoil. His strikes, once precise and controlled, now bore the mark of an orc succumbing to the unrelenting desire for combat. Raynn, determined and resilient, faced him with the spirit of a warrior.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the sun dipped below the horizon, Grom stood amidst the aftermath of yet another skirmish. The metallic scent of blood filled the air, and his eyes met Raynn's, a silent exchange that spoke of the complexity entwining their fates.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bound by blood and duty, Grom and Raynn continued their journey through Kalimdor, the shadows of the Barrens mirroring the growing storm within the Hellscream's heart.}}