{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Anduin ran across in front of her, just under the swing of Onyxia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s claws, Raynn\u8217\'92s shield slipped in her surprise. Luckily, the Prince\u8217\'92s impulsive intervention also took the dragon by surprise, and she paused her attack to consider the blond boy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Realizing his danger, Raynn renewed her attack, slamming her shield into the massive beast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, but Onyxia ignored it. Wide-eyed, Raynn watched as the dragon drew in a deep breath, preparing a devastating assault.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impassioned plea had caught the attention of both Varians though, startling them enough to stop their impending clash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You shouldn\u8217\'92t be fighting each other,\u8221\'94 the boy argued, gesturing emphatically with one hand to the dragon behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Onyxia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head reared back, dark magical energy coalescing in her opened mouth. Recognizing the danger, the two Kings stepped forward. They stood shoulder to shoulder now, to face the dragon. Her focus was on Anduin though, and she unleashed a blast of magical energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93NO!\u8221\'94 Varian\u8217\'92s shout was anguished. Raynn wasn\u8217\'92t certain which of the two men had yelled. Perhaps they both had, as both now leaped in front of the dragon\u8217\'92s attack. As the dark energy struck them, the two Varians seemed to be pulled together in some sort of vortex. Anduin was buffeted and tossed into the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Launching herself forward, Raynn caught hold of the Prince, pulling him protectively close as her momentum carried them into a roll past the two Kings. She rose to one knee, Anduin finding his feet in front of her, as they watched as Onyxia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spell enveloped both Varians in shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Anduin\u8217\'92s voice broke as he reached out, but Raynn held him firmly. Whatever was happening to his fathers, it would do him no good to be caught in it himself. A brief flash of memory struck her, of being in the same situation herself, watching from concealment as her parents died. She bowed her head, resting her cheek on the boy\u8217\'92s blond hair in commiseration as he sagged in her arms.}}