{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air in the internment camp was thick with tension, a palpable sense of despair hanging over the dilapidated structures. The orcs, once proud warriors, were now shackled and lethargic, prisoners of a war not of their making. Raynn's parents, among the few who had learned the orcish language, stood defiantly, voices raised in support of the orcs' release.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall, the young orc Warchief, stood at the forefront, demanding the freedom of his people. Raynn's parents' pleas resonated with him, finding allies in the most unexpected places. The other humans, however, were not swayed by their arguments. Anger and prejudice fueled their violence, and the once-supportive words became a death sentence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From her hiding place, Raynn watched in horror as her parents were mercilessly beaten, their bodies wracked with pain. Her mother lay unconscious, a pool of blood forming around her head. The brutality of the scene etched itself into Raynn's memory, fueling a mixture of fear, rage, and helplessness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as the situation seemed unbearable, Grom Hellscream, a formidable orc warrior, arrived. He surveyed the grim scene, recognizing the futility of saving Raynn's parents. Her father, with a strength born of desperation, managed to convey a plea for his daughter's safety. Grom, remembering his own young son, nodded solemnly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Raynn's father took his last breath, Grom turned to the unconscious mother. The air was heavy with sorrow and the weight of a promise. Thrall arrived, witnessing the aftermath of the tragedy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We need to find a human child," Grom declared, surprising Thrall with the unexpected request.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall hesitated, unsure about bringing a human child into the midst of orc refugees and warriors. Grom, however, insisted that it was a blood oath \endash  a matter of honor that could not be ignored.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was then that Raynn, tears streaking her dirt-stained face, emerged from her hiding place to suggest a solution.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Take me to the dwarves in Dun Modr." Her voice trembled with emotion, but she regarded the orcs steadily. "My father fought alongside them before. They'll keep me safe."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom and Thrall exchanged glances, considering the proposition. The idea seemed viable, and the promise made by Grom to Raynn's dying father lingered in the air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Very well," Grom agreed, his voice carrying the weight of responsibility. "We'll take you to the dwarves in Dun Modr."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And so, amidst the sorrowful landscape of the internment camp, a pact was formed \endash  a promise made to a dying man, sealed with the fate of a young girl who would find an unexpected sanctuary among the dwarves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air in the internment camp hung heavy with tension as the sun dipped low over the Arathi Highlands. Lysandra, Ellis, and Raynn approached the camp, a familiar routine tinged with apprehension. The camp sprawled before them, a collection of ramshackle tents and guarded fences, a temporary prison for the orcish captives.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they entered, a distant rumble signaled the arrival of Thrall, Orgrim, Grom, and the orcish army. Dust stirred as they approached, a harbinger of the storm that was about to descend upon the camp.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the entrance, Thrall's voice thundered, demanding the release of the orc prisoners. Fear gripped the humans within the camp, their anger building as they defiantly refused to let the orcs go. Among them, Lysandra and Ellis stepped forward, voices raised in favor of a peaceful resolution.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mood soured swiftly. The camp's inhabitants, driven by fear and hatred, turned on Lysandra and Ellis. Fists and weapons found their mark, and the couple was beaten mercilessly. In the shadows, Raynn watched, the horror of the scene etching itself into her memory.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the chaos unfolded, the orcish army, led by Grom and Thrall, stormed the camp. The clash of metal, the roars of orcs, and the screams of humans merged into a symphony of chaos. Near the end of the tumultuous battle, Grom, his massive figure cutting through the haze of conflict, discovered Lysandra unconscious and Ellis barely clinging to life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom, a conflicted expression on his face, recognized the inevitability of their demise. In an act of mercy, he offered Ellis a swift death. Ellis, battered and broken, seized the moment to make a final plea. With sincerity etched in his weakening voice, he extracted a promise from Grom to find and protect Raynn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unknown to them, Raynn had been a hidden witness to the unfolding tragedy. Grom, now bound by an unspoken blood oath, fulfilled his promise, ending the lives of Ellis and Lysandra.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the echoes of the battle subsided, Thrall arrived, a witness to the aftermath. Grom, grim-faced, informed Thrall of the need to find a human girl. An argument ensued, Grom invoking a blood oath that Thrall contested.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a moment of tense compromise, Raynn stepped forward, proposing that they could leave her with the dwarves at Dun Modr, not far away. Grom, sensing a solution that would honor his promise and protect Raynn, reluctantly agreed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Together, Grom, Thrall, and Raynn rode to the Thandol Span, leaving behind the scene of both tragedy and compromise. Behind them, the orc army, under Ogrim Doomhammer, prepared for the next internment camp.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Grom and Thrall watched Raynn cross the span, a new chapter began for the young human, accepted by the dwarves of Dun Modr. Grom and Thrall, bound by duty and the consequences of their choices, rejoined the orc army, leaving behind the scars of the internment camp and carrying the weight of promises made and broken.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the shadow of a battered tent, Raynn crouched low, her heart pounding like the distant drums of war. Hidden, she strained to understand the guttural orcish words exchanged between Grom and Thrall. The aching bruises on her parents' faces served as a brutal reminder of the cost of understanding, of bearing witness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall, stern and resolute, his green-skinned face etched with determination, questioned Grom. "What has transpired here?" Thrall's gaze flickered towards the lifeless forms of Ellis and Lysandra.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom, his towering frame silhouetted against the waning light, responded with a heavy solemnity, "They were near death, Thrall. Beaten. I offered the man a quick end. Before he died, he made me swear to find and protect his child."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall's gaze narrowed, concern etching his features. "A child, Grom? In the midst of our warband? It is no place for a human. They won't survive among us. We are on a mission to liberate our people."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom, undeterred, spoke with a determination that echoed through the camp, "Thrall, it's a matter of honor. A blood oath. I won't break it."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall, torn between duty and compassion, hesitated, the gravity of the situation sinking in. Grom's next words cut through the air like a blade. "A blood oath, Thrall."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Acknowledging the weight of Grom's oath, Thrall gave a reluctant nod. "Very well, Grom. But the risks are great. We must be cautious."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Grom and Thrall rode towards the Thandol Span, Raynn's fate became intertwined with theirs. The promise of protection echoed in the air, a pledge forged in the crucible of war. The journey ahead, obscured by uncertainty, held the echoes of the orcish code of honor and the weight of promises made under the shadow of death.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the shadow of a battered tent, Grom Hellscream stood tall, his brow furrowed as the weight of his recent actions settled upon him. Before him lay the lifeless forms of Ellis and Lysandra, a grim tableau of the cost of liberation. Thrall's questioning gaze bore into him, demanding an explanation for the mercy killings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "They were near death, Thrall," Grom grumbled, his voice heavy with the burden of the recent events. "Beaten. I offered the man a quick end. Before he died, he made me swear to find and protect his child."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall's expression shifted to a mix of concern and skepticism. "A child, Grom? In the midst of our warband? It is no place for a human. They won't survive among us. We are on a mission to liberate our people."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Grom, anchored by the weight of a promise, held firm. "Thrall, it's a matter of honor. A blood oath. I won't break it."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Thrall hesitated, Grom's thoughts delved into the gravity of the situation. The blood oath weighed heavily on his conscience, a solemn commitment made in the midst of suffering. "A blood oath, Thrall," he reiterated, knowing that such pledges were not to be taken lightly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall, acknowledging the solemnity of the oath, finally relented. "Very well, Grom. But the risks are great. We must be cautious."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they rode towards the Thandol Span, Grom's mind echoed with the echoes of the orcish code of honor. The promise to protect Raynn reverberated within him, a pledge forged in the crucible of war, setting the course for a journey fraught with uncertainty and duty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the dimming light, Thrall surveyed the aftermath of battle, his piercing green eyes settling on the lifeless forms of Ellis and Lysandra. Confusion and concern etched across his features as he sought answers from Grom, who stood resolute beside him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What has transpired here?" Thrall inquired, his gaze lingering on the battered bodies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom's response resonated through the air, heavy with the weight of recent actions. "They were near death, Thrall. Beaten. I offered the man a quick end. Before he died, he made me swear to find and protect his child."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall's brow furrowed, his eyes narrowing as he observed the state of the fallen humans. A child? The realization of the severity of their injuries cut through him. "A child, Grom? In the midst of our warband? It is no place for a human. They won't survive among us. We are on a mission to liberate our people."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom's determination clashed with Thrall's skepticism. "Thrall, it's a matter of honor. A blood oath. I won't break it."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gravity of the situation bore down on Thrall as he hesitated. His thoughts echoed in the silence, grappling with the conflicting demands of duty and compassion. The revelation of a blood oath added a layer of solemnity to the decision at hand. "A blood oath, Thrall," Grom reiterated, emphasizing the sacredness of the vow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall, acknowledging the weight of the oath, finally relented. "Very well, Grom. But the risks are great. We must be cautious."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they rode towards the Thandol Span, Thrall's mind wrestled with the implications of their newfound charge. The promise to protect a human child reverberated within him, setting the tone for the journey ahead, marked by uncertainty and duty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}