{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn watched the strange boy turn away from Bryna and leave the town. Kamery wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the only one who could be curious, she realized with amusement. The mage stood still for a moment, an odd look on her face. She still hadn\u8217\'92t come to greet Kamery yet, or to see Raynn\u8217\'92s now-finished breastplate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pride swelled in Raynn as she glanced over at the piece, resting on a bench near Trenton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s small workshop. The metal would be cooled now; it was almost ready to wear. The rest of the set waited in her bag now, with the exception of the boots that she was wearing. She had bought a pair of leather leggings on her first day here, when she had realized how hot it was working at a forge in the middle of a desert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trenton had said it built character, but she knew by now that he only stayed here because of his obsession with Zul\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Farrak. He was a brilliant blacksmith though, and had been a good tutor. Although he had acted annoyed, she knew that he had been pleased when her friends had arrived, since it had given him a captive audience for his tales of cursed swords in the Troll ruins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn was apologetically telling Trenton of their failure to find the sword now though, while Elthas prowled behind her and Kamery, giving the platinum-haired Kaldorei the occasional considering glance. Raynn wondered what the druid was thinking, then silently laughed at herself. Either Kamery was contagious, or it was simply that Kamery was more outspoken in her curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rogue stood next to her sister now, listening to Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tales of undead Trolls with amusement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They just wouldn\u8217\'92t stay dead!\u8221\'94 The priestess exclaimed in annoyance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna was approaching now, and she laughed at Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words, but her face was oddly pensive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How close are you to finishing your armor?\u8221\'94 The mage asked Raynn. Her expression and tone told the warrior that it wasn\u8217\'92t just an idle query.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn gestured to the finished breastplate, pride mixing with growing eagerness. It had been far too long since she had been in meaningful combat, and with her blacksmithing journey complete, she was ready for the return. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s done,\u8221\'94 she told the mage, glad to see Bryna\u8217\'92s face light up with genuine happiness for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s wonderful!\u8221\'94 Carolyn exclaimed. She hadn\u8217\'92t noticed either, Raynn realized. Only Kamery had been here to see the final details added, and to hear Trenton\u8217\'92s praise. She had been working on a practice piece when they had arrived.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn smiled her gratitude to the priestess, but turned back to Bryna. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will I need it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna nodded, looking around the now-complete group. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something has come up that needs all of us.\u8221\'94 Her gaze was a question, and with quick glances between them, they all nodded. \u8220\'93I can explain on the way.\u8221\'94}}