{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Kamery and Elthas scouted the smaller tunnels, the rogue watched her companion curiously. She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t thought of druids as stealthy before, but the powerful cat prowling beside her seemed so natural. Until now, her only exposure to druids had been the few who spent most of their time in the park in Stormwind. They never used their animal forms, and were known for their healing and herbal knowledge. She had sought out advice from several of them as she had developed her alchemical skills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The narrow tunnels proved mostly empty, with only a few cowering kobolds, and Kamery began to relax. A snarl to one side of the final tunnel chastised her inattention, as a gnoll straggler spotted the pair. Kamery raised her daggers defensively, parrying his initial attack. The large creature gave her no opportunity to attack though. It pressed her back, her boots scuffling along the dusty tunnel floor. Focused on Kamery, the gnoll barely noticed Elthas clawing at its flank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A guttural, distinctly non-feline growl surprised Kamery. Behind the gnoll was no longer a sleek black panther, but a massive bear, swiping at the gnoll with its vicious claws. That drew the gnoll\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention, and it turned to face the now-greater threat. Grateful for the reprieve, Kamery went on the offensive. Swift strikes at vulnerable points quickly dispatched their foe. As it hit the ground with a thud, Kamery looked over the body to meet Elthas\u8217\'92s eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have time to study the bear closely though, as he quickly shifted out of form, stooping slightly in the low tunnel. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re hurt,\u8221\'94 he observed, his brow furrowing, and she became aware of the throbbing ache in her left arm. Motes of green light swirled around Elthas\u8217\'92s hands, reminding her of the trees of Elwynn Forest. Kamery watched, fascinated, as he gestured and the healing energy swept over her, bringing rejuvenating warmth to her arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Talented,\u8221\'94 she breathed, her eyes wide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tall Kaldorei grinned as he shifted back into feline form, the expression remaining on the panther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s muzzle as he bounded back up the now-clear tunnel to rejoin their companions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery followed more slowly, her mind absorbing what had just happened. There was so much more to the druid than she had realized. He had shifted so smoothly between forms and roles; she wondered how much more he was capable of.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arriving back at the steel door, she found that the others had used their time waiting to examine it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s locked,\u8221\'94 Raynn told the returned scouts. One mail-clad hand pointed out parts of the mechanism. \u8220\'93It looks like it hinges here, on counterweights. But the bolt here, it won\u8217\'92t open. There\u8217\'92s a keyhole there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery moved closer, reaching into her pouch for her lock-picks. Slipping the tool into the indicated keyhole, she probed gently, cautious of tripwires. When her first examination found nothing suspicious, she felt about for the locking mechanism. It turned out to be a simple tumbler, and a few deft moves later, she heard it click open.}}