{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall surveyed the landscape, the nascent Orgrimmar sprawling below as a testament to the orcish determination. The echoes of construction filled the air, and his mind was preoccupied with the burdens of leadership. The orcs needed a new home, and Durotar would be that sanctuary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he stood on the hillside, his thoughts were interrupted by Raynn's arrival. Her presence was a stark reminder of the past, of promises made and battles faced. Thrall could sense her unease, a reflection of the trials she had endured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn's question about Grom Hellscream shifted the atmosphere. The weight of Grom's sacrifice lay heavy on Thrall's shoulders. He hesitated before delivering the somber news, the reality of Grom's heroic end reverberating through the words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn's reaction mirrored the grief and gratitude intertwined in Thrall's heart. The scars hidden beneath her clothing bore witness to the trials they had faced together. The loss of Grom, the mentor and protector, echoed through the hills, leaving behind a void that Thrall recognized too well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I didn't know," Raynn's whispered words reached him, carrying the weight of a shared journey. Thrall met her gaze, understanding the complex emotions that threaded their connection. In the quietude of the hillside, with Orgrimmar on the horizon, Thrall grappled with the sacrifices made in the pursuit of freedom.}}