{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b1\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Tone:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Refers to the author's attitude toward the subject matter or audience. It's conveyed through word choice, sentence structure, and the overall style of writing.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Mood:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Relates to the atmosphere or emotional feeling created in the reader. It's how the reader feels while experiencing the story, and it can be influenced by tone, setting, and events.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \bullet  }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 MOOD}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is the situation's atmosphere or characters' feelings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Possible Mood Words:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Affectionate, aggravated, aloof, amused, angry, apathetic, appreciative, approving, arrogant, bitter, calm, celebratory, condescending, contemplative, courageous, critical, cynical, dark, dejected, depressed, desperate, despondent, didactic, disappointed, disapproving, disgusted, disinterested, distant, droll, earnest, ecstatic, emphatic, empowering, encouraging, enthusiastic, excited, facetious, fearful, fearless, formal, grave, happy, haughty, heroic, hurt, impetuous, influential, informal, inspiring, intense, ironic, joyful, lackadaisical, languid, light-hearted, melancholy, melodramatic, nervous, neutral, nonchalant, optimistic, paranoid, passive, patronizing ,pessimistic, plaintive, playful, pleading, pressured, proud, romantic, sad, sarcastic, scared, scornful, serious, sincere, somber, soothing, strained, superficial, suspicious, sympathetic, uninterested, unprepared, urgent, vulnerable, whimsical, wistful, wry}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Possible Tone Words:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Alarming, Calm, Cheerful, Chilling, Courageous, Comical, Dangerous, Dark, Depressing, Dismal, Disturbing, Eerie, Empowering, Fanciful, Foreboding, Funny, Gloomy, Grim, Grotesque, Heart-breaking, Heartrending, Heroic, Holy, Hopeful, Horrific, Inspiring, Intense, Joyful, Light, Lighthearted, Melancholic, Morbid, Mournful, Mysterious, Ominous, Optimistic, Pessimistic, Powerful, Romantic, Sad, Sinister, Soothing, Sorrowful, Spiritual, Spooky, Strained, Terrifying, Threatening, Tranquil, Vulnerability, Whimsical}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A parcel, wrapped in brown paper and tied with twine, sat on a small table in the middle of the empty warehouse. Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head tilted to one side, as she looked at from below the wide brim of her red hat. She wasn\u8217\'92t sure what it was doing there, in this poorly lit building at the edge of a mostly-abandoned town. \u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t they pay their electricity bills?\u8221\'94 she mumbled to herself, as she walked over to the parcel. She briefly considered a fireball spell to light the area, but there was nothing else in the warehouse to burn, and she decided that it would be rather counterproductive to burn the item that she was investigating. At least, before she opened it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 depending on the contents, the fireball remained an option for later.}}