{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The priestess rested her hand on his back, feeling the soft, sleek fur beneath her fingers. It was so different from his panther form, she reflected, marveling once again in the druid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s abilities. When she had been a small child, she had seen a visiting Kaldorei on his moonsaber mount, and had decided that she wanted one herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the sisters\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 parents had died, and Kamery had been accepted as a full agent of SI:7, Carolyn had seen her chance to travel to the Kaldorei homeland. There, she had found a frosty reception from the saber trainers, who had insisted that she would need to prove herself to the Kaldorei first. She had eagerly set out to do so, and had immediately realized just how little she actually knew about their society. Druids had been an absolute delight, and traveling with Elthas had taught her so much.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wondering if the druid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s efforts had brought them anything of use, she watched Kamery and Renn efficiently sorting through the contents of the satchel. The diver was muttering to himself as he discarded items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Old coins\u8230\'85 ugly jewelry\u8230\'85 letters home\u8230\'85 hey, what\u8217\'92s this?\u8221\'94 At the note of hope, Carolyn, Bryna, and Elthas all moved a little closer, as he held up a pair of golden manacles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna gave a low whistle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Those are enchanted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Renn nodded thoughtfully. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Their cargo, it wasn\u8217\'92t a thing\u8230\'85 it was a person!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Questioning looks turned on Elthas, and the druid shifted out of his sea lion form to answer more easily. He shook his head as he spoke, his long dark blue hair swishing through the water. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t see anyone else down there. Not even the Defias divers went that low.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Renn cocked his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you cover the whole area? Maybe you missed something?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stern features formed an uncharacteristic frown as he looked at the diver\u8217\'92s helmet, with it\u8217\'92s small viewing port. \u8220\'93My vision is excellent, and the visibility was good. The sea floor was smooth and clear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if realizing for the first time that the druid hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been encumbered by the restrictive diving gear, Renn nodded apologetically. \u8220\'93You must bring word of this to Lady Jaina without delay. If the Defias were transporting a prisoner, there\u8217\'92s no telling who it might be or if the person is still alive!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn felt a shiver run through her that had nothing to do with the cool water. Renn didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know everything they did\u8230\'85 King Varian Wrynn had to still be alive!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna seemed to agree with the urgency in Renn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, as she had started casting a portal spell even before he spoke. Now, the shimmering opening floated halfway below the water\u8217\'92s surface, the white tower of Theramore visible in its center.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, I remembered the liquid filter,\u8221\'94 she assured them. At their blank looks, the mage shook her head, setting the brim of her red hat rippling. \u8220\'93Never mind, just go.\u8221\'94}}