{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The hillside overlooking the construction of Orgrimmar stretched before Raynn, a canvas of ambition and determination. The rhythmic clang of hammers on metal echoed through the air, a symphony of creation that seemed to herald the birth of a new era for the orcs. Raynn couldn't help but feel a tinge of pride for the people who had become her unexpected kin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall stood beside her, his gaze fixed on the evolving city. The Warchief's presence exuded a mix of authority and responsibility, an unspoken weight carried on broad shoulders. As he turned to her, his eyes held both familiarity and a touch of the unfamiliar. It had been almost a year since they last crossed paths, and much had transpired in that time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Raynn," Thrall's deep voice broke the silence, a rumble that resonated with a mix of acknowledgment and inquiry. His green eyes, a reflection of both leadership and an innate connection to the elements, searched hers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Thrall," Raynn replied, a nod accompanying the greeting. She hesitated, a momentary flicker of uncertainty clouding her expression. The scars from Tichondrius's attack lay beneath her armor, unseen but a constant reminder of her journey. The cloak of the human blacksmith she now apprenticed with draped over her shoulders, a symbolic bridge between two worlds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her eyes met Thrall's again, and she decided to share the sentiment lingering in her thoughts. "It's been a while," she acknowledged, her voice carrying a mix of curiosity and guarded warmth. "I've heard of Orgrimmar and everything you've been doing here. It's impressive."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall nodded, a silent acknowledgment of shared efforts. "We're building a home, Raynn. A place for the orcs to thrive and find a new beginning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn's gaze returned to the sprawling cityscape below, a testament to resilience and perseverance. "I've been living with the humans in Theramore," she confessed, the words unveiling a piece of her journey. "Helping them build, trying to find my place."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A shadow of uncertainty passed through Thrall's eyes, a reminder of the complexities in the wake of their alliance with Jaina. "How have you been, Raynn? Jaina has spoken highly of your courage."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn's lips curved into a small smile, a blend of gratitude and humility. "I've been recovering. The humans have been kind." She paused, realizing the gaps in her knowledge about the orcs' recent endeavors. "I haven't heard much from the orcs since I was injured. What happened to Grom?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The name lingered in the air, a bridge between past and present, and Raynn awaited Thrall's response, her eyes holding an unspoken question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall's gaze shifted, a brief moment of solemnity clouding his features. "Grom Hellscream," he began, the name carrying the weight of shared history, "played a pivotal role in our fight against the Legion. His sacrifice allowed us to break free from the demonic curse that bound us." Thrall's eyes, tinged with both sorrow and respect, met Raynn's.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "He faced Mannoroth, the demon who cursed our people, and with a single stroke, ended both their lives. Grom's sacrifice freed us, Raynn, but it came at a great cost."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn's breath caught at Thrall's revelation, her eyes widening with a mix of shock and grief. The words hung in the air, heavy with the weight of the news she hadn't expected. Grom, her steadfast protector and mentor, had met his end in a blaze of heroism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The hillside seemed to shift beneath her feet, and the distant echoes of Orgrimmar's construction became a distant hum. The absence of Grom's presence, the mentor who had guided her and the guardian who had pledged to protect her, left an unexpected void.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I didn't know," she finally whispered, her voice carrying a blend of sorrow and gratitude. Her fingers traced the outline of the scars concealed beneath her clothing, a silent acknowledgment of the sacrifices made in their journey to Kalimdor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall, the bearer of Grom's tale, met her gaze with understanding. The wind whispered through the hills, a lament for the fallen, and in the quiet solitude, Raynn began to reconcile with the reality of Grom Hellscream's sacrifice.}}