{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall stood atop the hill overlooking the abandoned Northwatch Hold, his gaze drawn to the silent remnants of a conflict that echoed through the land. By his side, Jaina Proudmoore shared the weight of the past, her eyes thoughtful as they surveyed the forsaken fortress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn stood nearby, her presence a blend of resilience and weariness. Thrall pondered the young warrior's future, her place in a world still wrestling with the shadows of war. The potential of what Raynn could become lingered in his mind, an unspoken burden that shaped his concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Raynn," Thrall began, his voice reflecting the weight of experience, "Kalimdor has been a crucible of trials. Your journey has been one of both strength and sacrifice."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina, her expression contemplative, nodded in agreement. "The land bears the scars of our choices, but it also holds the potential for healing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall turned to Raynn, his gaze steady despite the turmoil of his thoughts. He tried to choose his words carefully, to not give away too much. "I've glimpsed the potential within you, a path unbound by the conflicts that have shaped our past. There are lands beyond Kalimdor, places where you can discover more about your heritage."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina interjected, her tone empathetic. "Stormwind has risen from the ashes, a city rebuilding its identity. Your father's legacy is there, waiting to be explored."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn absorbed their words, a silent contemplation in her gaze. Thrall, burdened by the knowledge of what might come, hoped that she would heed the guidance, forging a path toward understanding and unity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The trio stood atop the hill, a tableau of uncertainty and hope, as Kalimdor whispered its tales of war and the potential for a different future.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}