{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smirking in amusement at her friends\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 indignation, Bryna looked at the letter she held. It seemed only a single sheet of paper. Sealed, unfortunately. Bringing to mind her memory of the maps of the Eastern Kingdoms, and overlaying that with the recent views on their flight in, she had a good idea where to go.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Helendis strode away to speak to a Human soldier in Stormwind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s armor, she turned to her companions. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll run errands while you go stab things.\u8221\'94 She grinned at Kamery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rogue considered for a moment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The road will be dangerous. The Blackrock have encroached on Redridge already?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go with you,\u8221\'94 Elthas offered and Bryna accepted gratefully. While she was certain she could handle a few Orcs, it would be good to have company. Kamery also looked mollified, and she followed Raynn and Carolyn out of the small encampment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry I won\u8217\'92t be much conversation,\u8221\'94 Elthas apologized, shifting into his cheetah form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna smiled at the druid. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be good to have company either way.\u8221\'94 Pulling her enchanted carpet from her bag, she unfurled it and hopped on. A shift of her weight, and the rug accelerated down the slope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mage and druid reached Lakeshire without incident, somewhat to Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disappointment. They had seen a pair of Blackrock scouts in the hills as they passed, but the Orcs were already preoccupied by a pair of enthusiastic-looking young adventurers who obviously had things well in hand, so they continued on their way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Magistrate Solomon was grim when he read the message, telling them that Lakeshire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forces were already spread too thin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You must take this information to Highlord Bolvar Fordragon in Stormwind at once! If he does not send the aid of Stormwind, then all is lost.\u8221\'94 Solomon had said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Standing in a quiet corner beside the town hall in Lakeshire, Bryna and Elthas looked at one another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re supposed to avoid Stormwind,\u8221\'94 Elthas frowned, his long features lengthening even more. \u8220\'93We have no choice though, we need to seek their aid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not we. I\u8217\'92ll go. There are too few Kaldorei in Stormwind; you\u8217\'92ll stand out too much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her statement made Elthas laugh, as he gestured to her bright red hat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a snort, Bryna pulled the hat off her head and slipped it into her bag, pulling out a simple robe instead. Pulling the robe on over her head, she then gathered her hair and tied it in a low ponytail at the nape of her neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas watched, wide-eyed at the transformation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reaching into her bag one last time, Bryna pulled out a simple magic wand and affixed it to her belt. A quick illusion spell, and she transformed the features of her face. She looked now, she knew, like any of a dozen adventuresome mages who might deliver such a message.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas blinked, then nodded his approval, so Bryna pulled the teleportation energies around herself, and broke Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s orders.}}