{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas broke the surface of the water in the shadows of the small dock on Alcaz Island. The dock led to the only accessible break in the steep cliffs that formed the edges of the small landmass. Beside him, Kamery surfaced, drawing in a slow breath. He had been worried about her ability to make the long swim out to the island, staying below the water to avoid the prying eyes of the Defias, but she had surprised them all. Just as they entered the water, the rogue had pulled out a sparkling blue potion and quaffed it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Water breathing,\u8221\'94 she had grinned proudly. She had easily followed him along the ocean floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas could feel the vibrations of the rogue\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heartbeat pounding in the water, and knew that his own likely matched the accelerated pace. Gliding closer to the shore, he used his flippers to pull himself out of the water beneath the rough wooden dock. He made sure he was completely clear before shifting into feline form, so he didn\u8217\'92t get his fur wet. Kamery joined him, crouching in the shadows, almost invisible in her black leather. Her damp hair clung to her head more closely than usual, but it was short and would dry quickly; Elthas grimaced inwardly thinking about how long it took his own waist-length locks to dry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ruffling her hair with one hand to speed the process, Kamery gestured with the other. Elthas followed her out from under the dock, happy enough to have the more experienced infiltrator leading the way. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Curiosity kills the cat. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He cringed as Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s teasing expression drifted through his mind. He pushed it away. It wasn\u8217\'92t just his own life at stake now; he had to make sure that Kamery returned to her sister as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Following Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lead, they crept up the wide trail leading to the valley at the center of the island. As Cassa had seen, there were several ramshackle buildings around the edges, with a rune circle in the open space between them. Across from the trail to the dock, a dark shadow seemed to be some sort of entrance to an underground area. Naga slithered across the area in pairs, one male and one female. Their movements looked random, but Kamery seemed to find some sort of pattern to it. With a light touch to Elthas\u8217\'92s shoulder, she led the way between the patrols, druid and rogue holding the shadows tight around themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they approached the rune circle, Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whiskers twitched; powerful magic had been worked here recently. An unfamiliar scent, like musty charcoal, wrinkled his muzzle in distaste. He suppressed the urge to growl. The scent grew stronger suddenly, no longer old and stale, but fresh. Elthas nudged Kamery urgently, as a rustle came from the undergrowth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rogue understood immediately, and he felt her assessing the situation swiftly. Turning, she led them in a zig-zag to the dark hole in the ground that he had noticed earlier. A rough wooden ramp led down into a tunnel, which was thankfully free of Naga. Crouching just below the level of the ground, they turned to watch as a massive black-scaled drake wound its way out from the jungle behind one of the buildings. A crest of what looked like heated rock ran down the back of its head to midway down its back, and its wingtips and four feet were tipped with razor sharp talons. The Naga ignored the creature as it stretched its leathery reddish-black wings and took to the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas felt himself cowering, and was somewhat mollified that Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand in his fur had tightened almost painfully tightly in a reflection of the rogue\u8217\'92s own reaction. He heard he draw a slow, deliberate breath, and her hand relaxed, giving him a small, apologetic pat. Elthas leaned lightly against her in acceptance. The drake\u8217\'92s scent was dissipating, but slowly. Turning, he peered down into the tunnel below them, then gave Kamery a questioning glance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rogue read his question easily, and nodded. Together, they descended the short ramp and came out in a short, rough tunnel. A set of metal bars a few meters down the tunnel turned the end of it into a makeshift prison cell. Kamery led the way swiftly, already reaching for her lock-picks. Elthas perked up; they had come looking for signs of a prisoner, and this was a good start.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunately, it also seemed like a dead end, as the cell was empty. Kamery opened it anyway, and he padded inside to investigate, his whiskers twitching eagerly. There had been a Human held here, not too long ago, but not for very long. Picking up the trail, he followed it back to the ramp, Kamery following silently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the top of the ramp, the Human scent mingled with the black drake, but the drake\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scent was fading, and now he knew what to look for. The trail led right to the middle of the rune circle, and with Kamery\u8217\'92s occasional touch guiding him away from Naga, he led the way there. Another pair of golden manacles lay open and discarded at one side of the circle; the scent he was tracking was strong on them, but not wanting to draw attention, he left them untouched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Naga were avoiding the circle itself, which Elthas decided was a good thing. The scent was confusing here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it seemed to split apart into two directions. One led through the manacles and out to the edge of the jungle, while the other led down the trail to the dock. They could follow the dock trail as they left, he decided, so with a motion of his head, he indicated the other direction to Kamery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They reached the jungle edge behind one of the low wooden buildings without incident, and he picked up the trail again. Behind a tree, up a short hill, and then\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85it disappeared abruptly at the edge of a cliff. Frowning, Elthas backtracked, checking carefully to make sure it didn\u8217\'92t split again, or take another turn. Kamery watched him from the shadow of a tree at the cliff\u8217\'92s edge, her expression curious but patient.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had been following him a long time without explanation, he realized, and padded back to join her in the shadows. After checking around with all his senses for Naga or other danger, he shifted out of form, crouching low beside the rogue. He no longer had the same pull on the shadows as he had in feline form, but he knew that his brown leathers and dusky violet skin would meld well with the shadows, so long as he stayed still.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A prisoner,\u8221\'94 he kept his voice low, easier in this form, which was one reason for the shift. \u8220\'93Human. The trail\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he frowned, unsure how to explain it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93it split, went in two directions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One led here?\u8221\'94 Her voice was barely a breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It ends at the cliff edge.\u8221\'94 Elthas shrugged helplessly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rogue glanced down the side of the cliff to the deep water below, then returned her attention to him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The other?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seemed to head back to the docks. I\u8217\'92ll follow it when we leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded tightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should. I don\u8217\'92t want to be here when that drake returns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nodding his agreement, Elthas shifted back to feline form, drawing the comfortable shadows around himself again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The second branch of the prisoner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trail led to the docks, as he had suspected. It disappeared at the end of the slightly uneven pier. As they slipped off the end of the structure, a rustle of wings overhead heralded the return of the firemane drake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Swiftly, the pair ducked below the dock. Kamery quaffed another water-breathing potion, and they headed back to Theramore to report their findings.}}