{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna lifted her head, studying the disguised red dragon from under the brim of her hat. What exactly, she wondered, did a dragon consider little trouble? Then again, did it matter? They needed his Seal to enter the upper reaches of the spire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Back through there?\u8221\'94 Kamery asked, looking down the ramp. She and Elthas had returned in time to hear the last part of Vaelan\u8217\'92s pronouncement. Both looked triumphant, but worn, as they handed him the three gems. The stones shimmered with magical potential, but even when Vaelan inserted them into the empty seal, they remained inert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn looked ready to charge down the ramp anyway, so, remembering Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reports of large groups of Orcs and Trolls, Bryna mentally reviewed her polymorph spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vaelan had an alternative, though. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are ledges, here, and here.\u8221\'94 He had his map out again, and was showing Raynn and Kamery his proposed route. Bryna stood to join them, curious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here though\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Kamery indicated a wide hallway\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93there were many Orcs living there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nodding, Vaelan revealed the key to his plan, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can cast an illusion on you, like mine. It will not last long, but it should be enough to get us through there. We will likely face some resistance in Wyrmthalak\u8217\'92s antechamber, but likely not much. He has no love for the Dark Horde; while he will sacrifice any number of them in battle, he prefers to command them from afar.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have no other option,\u8221\'94 Raynn pointed out, and Kamery wearily agreed. Carolyn cast a fortifying spell, which seemed to help her and Elthas, and the group followed Vaelan down the ramp and onto a narrow ledge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The plan worked well, and after a couple of ledges, a nerve-wracking disguised walk, and a highly disturbing number of spiders, scorpids, and scarabs, they reached the upper reaches of this side of the city, where Wyrmthalak resided. Vaelan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assessment of the Overlord had been correct, and they only had to face a few Orcs as they approached.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragonspawn heard them coming, and charged down to meet them. His black-scaled body was armored in red armor, fashioned from some sort of large scales. Noting Vaelan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s narrowed eyes and taut face, Bryna guessed that they might be the scales of red dragon-kin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn intercepted the Overlord\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s charge, deflecting his polearm with her shield as her sword swung in to strike his armor. Gathering frost in her hands, Bryna joined the attack. Beside her, Vaelan did the same with fire, hurling the flaming bolts with deadly accuracy. Kamery and Elthas struck moments later, hitting Wyrmthalak in his less protected hindquarters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vaelan had the Seal ready, and as Wyrmthalak reared back, he slid the amulet with its gemstones across the flagstone floor, into the dragonspawn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flaming breath. To Bryna\u8217\'92s other side, she could hear the murmur of Carolyn\u8217\'92s spells, as the priestess worked to keep Raynn healed through the fiery assault. The warrior\u8217\'92s shield gleamed with the absorbed heat, as she attempted to block the flames.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gathering another frost-bolt, Bryna hurled it, even as she watched the gemstones in the Seal flare with energy, which then coursed through the golden base. Wyrmthalak also noticed, roaring with rage and hurling his weapon at Vaelan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The throw was awkward, but powerful, and the weapon embedded in the left shoulder of the red dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Human visage. He stumbled to one knee, reaching up with his right hand to pull the projectile free.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although now unarmed, Wyrmthalak was still a dangerous foe, and Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was beginning to show the strain, as she tried to heal Vaelan as well as Raynn. Heavy footfalls from behind Bryna told her that the Overlord\u8217\'92s enraged roar had not gone unnoticed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turning, the mage saw a pair of Orcs approaching\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a warrior and a spell-caster. Drawing a polymorph spell to mind, she swiftly turned the warrior into a porcupine. A quick counter-spell disrupted the Orc spell-caster\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fel incantation, and Bryna\u8217\'92s next frost-bolt struck her in the chest, knocking her back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment later, Kamery struck the caster from the shadows. Bryna blinked at the speed with which the rogue had switched targets; had she learned a short-range teleport spell too? The poisons, frost-bolts, and precise dagger strikes overwhelmed the Orc, and she fell quickly. Kamery slipped back out of sight to return to Wyrmthalak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna gave a shrug to her porcupine, and also returned her attention to the Overlord. Under the renewed assault, he stumbled. Vaelan was healed now, and casting fireballs once more, and with her opponent disarmed, Raynn was holding her own. Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s staff swung down, dealing the final blow to the dragonspawn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the heat of battle faded, Vaelan scooped up the now-potent Seal. He looked at the porcupine with confusion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should we do something about that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna shrugged and recast the spell. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92ll hold for a while. We\u8217\'92re leaving, right?\u8221\'94 In her experience, opponents were generally just grateful to be alive rather than pursuing a grudge for very far.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vaelan nodded, and they returned to the high bridge leading to Wyrmthalak\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chambers. There, he admitted, \u8220\'93I hadn\u8217\'92t actually planned this part.\u8221\'94 Glancing back over his shoulder, he sighed. \u8220\'93I was too focused on my enemy. We\u8217\'92ll have to fight back out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking over the edge of the bridge, Bryna could see the entrance hallway some distance away, but well below them. She did some mental calculations. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We could slow fall from there.\u8221\'94 She pointed along a narrow ledge that extended partway along the outer wall of the room they had just come from.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went wide and her face paled, but she nodded resolutely. The others were also in agreement, so one by one, they filed out onto the ledge. Kamery led the way, her keen eyes and nimble fingers finding handholds, and pointing them out to the others. Carolyn followed, under the watchful eyes of her sister and Elthas, behind her. Bryna and Vaelan went next, with Raynn taking the rear; the warrior guarding their flank, and ready to follow should anyone fall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their careful progress went well though, and Bryna cast slow fall on each of them as they reached the end of the ledge. Floating unnoticed over the Dark Horde city, they landed softly back at the entrance to the lower city.}}