{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After exiting Bryna's portal to Ironforge, the small group made their way quickly towards the gryphon masters near the Great Forge. Raynn paused for a moment with her former blacksmithing master, sharing her new armor with quiet pride. Then, they mounted the tamed gryphons that would take them across the scorched landscapes surrounding Blackrock Mountain to the small fortified camp at Morgan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Vigil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The small village on the mountainside had all but been destroyed by the devastation wrought by Ragnaros\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s summoning, two hundred years ago. All that remained now were the crumbling ruins of a watchtower and a few burnt-out foundations. The warm air was dry and hazy, carrying a musty, sooty, smell and muffling the distant sounds of the few creatures that could survive in this land.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The few current inhabitants of the outpost had erected several tents amongst the ruins. A crude wooden palisade protected the slope leading to the scorched, open plains below. Their hired gryphons circled in to land just inside the palisade, to the left of the open gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they alighted, sending the gryphons back home, a Kaldorei dressed in light chain mail approached them. Tall, like all of his race, he had long, dirty-blond hair and narrow features, which now carried a rather distracted look even as he addressed them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greetings travelers, I am Helendis Riverhorn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The name was unfamiliar to Kamery. Neither had he mentioned Shaw or SI:7, so she phrased her response blandly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is the situation here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gesturing to the ashy plains below, Helendis offered a brief summary. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As you may know, this area is rife with Blackrock Orcs. Their raiding parties from the mountain are increasing.\u8221\'94 Kamery nodded; Shaw\u8217\'92s briefing, weeks ago, had indicated the growing unrest in the area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Helendis\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brows furrowed. \u8220\'93We had always assumed that they were simply products of their savage upbringing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Helendis spoke, Kamery glanced at Raynn, remembering the auburn-haired warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s intertwining history with the Orcs in the north. The Kaldorei warrior\u8217\'92s attention was primarily on his fellow Kaldorei, Elthas, and he didn\u8217\'92t notice Raynn stiffening at his words, her eyes growing stormy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed, bloodlust and thirst for conflict empower them,\u8221\'94 Helendis continued, before Raynn could speak, \u8220\'93but it is in fact the Black Dragonflight who control the Orcs of Blackrock and who fuel them with such rage and hostility.\u8221\'94 His frown deepened. \u8220\'93Our previous Marshal was investigating the connection when he disappeared.\u8221\'94 He paused to give them a moment to absorb the information.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At Helendis\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words, Raynn\u8217\'92s eyes unfocused with memory, and Elthas\u8217\'92s brows drew together. Kamery\u8217\'92s mind flashed back to their tales of the similarly aggressive fel-driven Orcs. But what did the Black Dragonflight have to do with Orcs? Shaw had mentioned the Orcs, Dark Iron Dwarves, and Fire Elementals\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but not dragons. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Did he not know? Is this new information?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another memory arose, of the firemane drake, a lesser member of the Black Dragonflight, on Alcaz Island in Theramore. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Is there a connection here, a continent away? How? The Bronze Dragonflight protects the time-ways; what drives the Black Dragonflight? }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery could see her confusion mirrored in Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s identical grey eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As usual, it was Bryna who seemed to adjust to the new information first. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What can we do to help?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Helendis chuckled briefly, although there was little humor in the sound. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need assistance from the armies of Stormwind.\u8221\'94 He handed Bryna a sealed letter, directing her, \u8220\'93Deliver this request to Magistrate Solomon in Lakeshire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Indignation rushed through Kamery, although she carefully kept her face impassive. After all they had been through, all the training\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 surely Shaw hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sent them here just to run messages? She could see her feelings echoed on Raynn and Carolyn\u8217\'92s faces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna took the request in stride though, and accepted the missive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Helendis looked them over a bit more closely then, seeming to notice for the first time Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s battle-worn but well-made armor, Carolyn\u8217\'92s highly enchanted robes, Elthas\u8217\'92s druidic tattoos, and Kamery\u8217\'92s wicked daggers. He blinked. \u8220\'93Perhaps you could also help clear out some of the dragon-kin below?\u8221\'94}}