{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall's hands glowed with the soothing green energy of shamanistic healing, yet the young human warrior, Raynn, remained in a fragile state. Her life force flickered like a dim flame in the shadows, and Thrall felt a heavy sense of responsibility weighing on him. He had led the Horde through the Barrens, witnessed the ultimate sacrifice of Grom Hellscream to sever the demonic bonds, and now, in the quiet aftermath, he found himself facing the vulnerability of one lone human.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His eyes, accustomed to the harsh realities of battle, softened as he gazed upon Raynn's still form. The orcish Warchief, having recently forged an alliance with humans under Jaina Proudmoore\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s guidance, felt a newfound connection to their shared struggles. He understood the fragility of life, regardless of race.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frustration grew as his attempts at healing proved only partially successful. A sense of helplessness settled upon him, knowing that the injured human, Raynn, needed more than he could provide. In the midst of his concern, Jaina approached, her expression a mix of curiosity and worry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Jaina drew closer, her eyes widened with surprise. "I hadn't known... another human among your ranks," she revealed, her gaze fixed on the unconscious Raynn. "Thrall, there is another way... She'll find healing among her own people."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a determined expression, Jaina continued, "Thrall, there is another way. I can take her to Stonetalon Peak, to our human encampment. She'll find healing among her own people, far from the brewing conflicts with the Night Elves and the Legion."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall's gaze lingered on Raynn's unconscious form, a silent acknowledgment of the complexities entwining their paths. A moment of internal debate passed before Thrall nodded, his voice resonating with reluctant agreement. "Do what you must, Jaina. Ensure she finds the healing she needs."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a flash of teleportation magic, Raynn's still body disappeared, leaving only a lingering sense of unspoken concerns and an orc Warchief grappling with the weight of choices in the aftermath of conflict.}}