{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery walked easily through the familiar forest of her homeland as she led the way to the watchtower. The sun, high overhead, shone through the broad leaves of the massive trees, casting dappled shadows on the grass between them. A light breeze from the west carried the scent of fresh water. A wolf howled in the distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There had been a certain innocent confusion in Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Refreshing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , Kamery mused, wondering if she remembered a time when she had been that naive. Then again, Carolyn had always been the one who believed the best of the world}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 . We may be twins, but we couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be more different.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The thought of her golden-haired sister brought a smile to Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. Breaking her reverie, she focused on her companion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, Raynn, what brings you to Elwynn?\u8221\'94 She dropped back to walk beside the warrior, still guiding their direction as they turned west onto the well-worn road. This far from Goldshire, the cobbles were almost indistinguishable from the packed dirt they were embedded in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gold.\u8221\'94 The auburn-haired warrior gave a short chuckle. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m more than happy to share, though. Thank you.\u8221\'94 Her voice, carrying hints of accents that Kamery couldn\u8217\'92t even begin to identify, rang with sincere gratitude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery smiled as she gestured Raynn onto the trail leading north to the Westbrook watchtower. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You did the hard part. I just stabbed.\u8221\'94 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 My poisons didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t hurt either}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could get used to having someone like you around.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Someone}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  like}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  you; don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be too obvious}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 Mathias Shaw\u8217\'92s training echoed in Kamery\u8217\'92s mind, as she reminisced on the conversation they\u8217\'92d had just a few weeks earlier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not from around here. Keep an eye on her; find out more}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Shaw stood at the window of the SI:7 headquarters, looking out. The young female warrior was at one of the training dummies on the lawn below, practicing her fighting movements with clean precision.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is she a concern?\u8221\'94 Kamery asked curiously. Although lean and muscular, the woman looked innocent enough.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94 Shaw frowned. \u8220\'93A mystery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 That, Kamery knew, was even worse than a threat. Those, Shaw had the tools to deal with readily enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Keeping Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s instructions in mind, Kamery pulled her thoughts back to the present as Raynn gave a short laugh. \u8220\'93Likewise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 Kamery let a mischievous note enter her voice, \u8220\'93you\u8217\'92d be up for more?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warrior chuckled again, but she shook her head, setting her ponytail to swaying. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need to get back to Stormwind. Need to make the rest of the set for these.\u8221\'94 She kicked up one foot, clad in a solid iron boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The freely moving hair caught Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you wear a helm?\u8221\'94 She didn\u8217\'92t need to feign curiosity with this question. Watching Raynn practice, she had noticed that the warrior\u8217\'92s head was always bare. While she preferred keeping her own sight and hearing unhindered with only a bandanna, her understanding of warriors was that they generally covered themselves from head to toe in heavy plate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn gave a genuine smile, her enthusiasm for the question apparent. With a swift motion, she reached up to her brow and removed something. The moment the light circlet came free, it shimmered into visibility, revealing the layers of magic woven into the golden band. Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened at the sight as Raynn held it up. \u8220\'93Enchanted, for protection and invisibility.\u8221\'94 Her voice was filled with a mixture of pride and appreciation. Kamery admired the craftsmanship, while simultaneously cataloging the intricate details for future research.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where did you get it?\u8221\'94 Kamery kept her voice light. \u8220\'93We get visitors from all over, but I can\u8217\'92t quite place your accent.\u8221\'94 As soon as she finished, Kamery knew that she had gone too far, too quickly. The tension in Raynn\u8217\'92s body was subtle, but unmistakable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From a friend.\u8221\'94 Her clipped answer carried an undercurrent of guardedness and, Kamery thought, pain. With a practiced motion, Raynn set the circlet back on her brow, removing it from sight once more. Honest, but not even close to the full picture, Kamery knew. Shaw would be disappointed that she had missed her chance. She was disappointed herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soon, the watchtower came into view, its white stone shining through the broad-leafed trees. Kamery stayed silent as they approached, not pressing Raynn, but allowing the warrior to relax a bit. There had been something in those last words that haunted her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a familiar pain born of loss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The young warrior harbored more secrets than even Shaw realized, Kamery suspected. She found herself growing to appreciate his tenacity for unraveling mysteries, as she now grappled with an enigma of her own. She would see to it that their paths would cross again.}}