{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time she reached Lakeshire, the cool winds and lush landscapes of the flight had soothed Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frayed nerves and she was back to her calm self. The gryphon perch was across the long, narrow lake from the town itself. Although she usually preferred the bustle of Stormwind, Bryna took a moment to bask in the calmness of the picturesque hamlet nestled among trees and low hills, knowing that they would soon be returning to the ashy wasteland to the north.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she crossed the wide white stone bridge that spanned the width of the lake, Bryna spotted a playful sea lion frolicking in the waters, and turned at the end of the bridge to approach the shoreline. The long afternoon shadows in the shelter of the bridge pilings gave her an opportunity to shed her disguise, and she happily did so, placing the red hat firmly back on her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas caught sight of the distinct object, and emerged from the water, smoothly shifting out of his aquatic form to wade to shore. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did it go?\u8221\'94 the druid asked. \u8220\'93You weren\u8217\'92t noticed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna shook her head, annoyance resurfacing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They looked right over me.\u8221\'94 She sighed in exasperation. \u8220\'93They deputized me!\u8221\'94 Turning, she began walking to the town hall. She would have to tell Solomon that his reinforcements weren\u8217\'92t coming anytime soon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyebrows rose as he walked with her. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re tasked with defending Lakeshire ourselves? Just the five of us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a snort, Bryna elaborated, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They didn\u8217\'92t even know about the four of you. They sent me back to investigate. They want more proof.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas shook his head, his long hair swaying. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t sound like they want anything. But perhaps we can find something. They didn\u8217\'92t know about us after all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smiling at his optimism, Bryna agreed, entering the town hall. Solomon, understandably, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t share the druid\u8217\'92s cheerful outlook. In fact, Bryna thought the man might break down and cry as she delivered the news. Morosely, he directed them to return to the Burning Steppes and report to Marshal Maxwell, as his new deputies.}}