{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s carpet drifted to a stop, she took in the scene before her. Her friends were gathered at one end of a table that held a map of the area. She barely glanced at the map; she had committed the maps of Azeroth to memory years ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next to Kamery stood the commander of the outpost, Marshal Maxwell, she now knew; she had seen him at a distance before Helendis had sent them on this ridiculous errand. Up close, he looked rather frazzled and she wondered if he would react any better than Solomon had to her news. They were watching her intently as she and Elthas approached.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Across from Kamery and Maxwell were two others, but in her disgruntlement, she ignored the new faces for the moment. Turning to Raynn, she exclaimed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were right, Raynn. Lady Prestor is very unpleasant.\u8221\'94 Raynn looked startled at the sudden pronouncement, but nodded her agreement. Just saying it made Bryna feel better, and she began to take note of her surroundings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her friends stood straighter than usual, tension evident in their posture and expressions. Kamery was giving her a hard look at her indirect admission to having gone to Stormwind. Something else had them on edge too. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Have they found out what we were really sent here for?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beside her, Elthas had shifted, unusually, into his feline form. He had told her how unpleasant he found the ash and dust of the area even as a cheetah, and she knew that the panther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s senses were even more sensitive.  The black panther was edging closer to the nearer of the newcomers with an intent look on his feline face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking up, curious at the druid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s interest, Bryna blinked in surprise. The man was, unmistakably, King Varian Wrynn. Not dressed as a King of Stormwind, and sporting new scars on his face, but certainly the King. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Otherwise occupied? What is going on here?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of Lady Prestor?\u8221\'94 The King asked, having heard her comment, of course. Bryna cringed inwardly, realizing that he probably had a very different view of the woman. Prestor had been one of his primary advisors, after all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaking off her gaffe, she told him briefly about her journey to Lakeshire and Stormwind, and the dismissal there. She left out the part about disguising herself; that particular ability was something she liked to keep to herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she spoke, she vaguely realized that Elthas was creeping closer and closer behind the King. The King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s companion, an antlered druid, also seemed to notice. He cleared his throat meaningfully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Manners, young one,\u8221\'94 the older druid reprimanded her younger companion. Elthas looked up startled, and backed away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, Varian had absorbed her words. His brows lowered over tight eyes and his voice was furious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fordragon should not have dismissed this concern so easily! He sent no help?\u8221\'94 His hand, resting on the edge of the table, clenched into a fist.}}