{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, in the forest surrounding Darnassus, the trees flashed past Elthas as he reveled in his newest form. The lean cheetah wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t as fierce in combat as the panther, but it was built for speed. It wasn\u8217\'92t as pretty either, he thought, with a critical glance at one mottled paw stretched out ahead of him. Covered with tawny yellow-brown fur and marked with dark spots, it couldn\u8217\'92t compare to the sleek black panther.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the speed! In this form, he could easily keep up with the horses that most Humans rode, and even with Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s moonsaber.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had recently returned for a visit to Darnassus. While he had been learning his new form, Carolyn had begged and wheedled Lelanai until the saber handler had relented and allowed Carolyn to approach the mounts. The priestess had learned much about the Kaldorei since her previous attempt\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 much of it from Elthas himself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and her bond with the large grey cat had been instantaneous and unmistakable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mollified, Lelanai had allowed her to purchase the animal, and her partner Jartsam had given Carolyn lessons on riding it. Elthas smiled, baring his fangs, as he remembered his two Kaldorei friends telling him about the Human\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stubborn persistence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moonsaber, he had learned early in their friendship, had been her primary motivation for traveling to Darnassus in the first place. She had long been enamored with the domesticated tigers ridden by the Kaldorei. Studying with Tyrande Whisperwind, the High Priestess of Elune, had been secondary. He chuffed a laugh at the thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn was waiting patiently for him now though, he remembered, turning back towards Darnassus. There had been disturbing news of increasing Naga activity at Feathermoon stronghold, far to the south in Feralas, and they had volunteered to offer aid. The hippogryphs were waiting.}}