{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Bryna rejoined the group, Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feline ears perked up from where he lay on the sunny grass near one of the white stone sentry towers that guarded Theramore\u8217\'92s large, deep harbor. Nearby, his friends also waited, standing on the wooden boardwalk that lined the waterfront.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the easternmost of the three long piers, a trio of shallow-draft longboats waited, ready to carry them across Tidefury Cove to the Wyrmbog, where Onyxia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lair lay. Looking dubiously at the narrow rowboats, Elthas was glad he could swim across himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Joining him for the swim would be Broll, the elder druid having returned from the Moonglade in time to join their venture. He now stood in Kaldorei form beside Varian.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forming a third point of a triangle with the two was a slender female Sin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92dorei rogue, who had been introduced as Valeera. With long, loose, blonde hair, and a red leather bodysuit paired with tall boots and long gloves, she was as bright as Kamery was dark. Varian and Broll had spoken highly of her combat ability, and her green eyes shone alert and eager.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The trio looked up as Bryna and Jaina Proudmoore joined them. The arch-mage had waited for Bryna in her study. Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes and satisfied smile found Elthas and their friends first, where they stood slightly apart from the Human King and his friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian was no longer the same rough warrior that they had accompanied into the depths of Blackrock Mountain; that had only been half of the Human, and far from his throne. Broll and Valeera seemed more comfortable with him, but they had known Lo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Gosh for longer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas and his friends hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t had a chance to get to know this new Varian. After the unveiling of Onyxia in Stormwind, the Human King had been occupied repairing the damage to his kingdom, while Elthas and his friends had repaired Bolvar Fordragon\u8217\'92s amulet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The paladin was also with them, standing further along the boardwalk, already ready to board the boat that would bring him to confront the dragon who had muddled his mind for so long. Kamery had told them that Varian had asked Fordragon to remain in Stormwind, to serve as regent once more, but the paladin had been insistent on facing the dragon himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mathias Shaw had been pressed into service as temporary regent for the young Prince Anduin instead. Remembering the Human Prince\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inquisitive nature, Elthas wondered if SI:7 would have any secrets left by the time they returned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thoughts of return would come later though, he reminded himself, as the group moved towards the low boats. First, they had to defeat the Black Dragonflight\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brood-mother. As he slipped into the murky water, shifting smoothly into sea lion form, he felt the adrenaline beginning to build.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The swim was a short one, and the low boats landed near a twisting path that led up into the hills, and then down into the Wyrmbog. The Black Dragonflight\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s influence was immediately apparent. Twisted, blackened skeletons were all that remained of the low trees that had once grown in this area. The ground was soft underfoot, with every footprint filling with water as they walked. The air was gritty with a hazy smoke, overpowering the earthy smell of the bog.}}