{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the morning, they ate another cold breakfast, before breaking camp and crossing through the hills and into Elwynn Forest. Once more, they avoided the main road, instead skirting along the foothills along the northern edge of the forest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn quite enjoyed that the detours had the added advantage of giving her and Varian plenty of aggressive wildlife and semi-sentient foes to engage with. Carolyn seemed to agree, as the less challenging foes allowed her to wade into the melee with unbridled enthusiasm, much to Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s amusement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skirting around the village of Goldshire, they turned northward, following Kamery through the peaceful forest towards an abandoned dwelling at the edge of a small lake. Raynn looked around the forest, drinking in the sight of the dappled sunshine through the green leaves of the trees and the fresh scent of the thick grass. A wolf howled in the distance, but the sound was mournful rather than threatening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The deserted cottage was just a single room at the ground level. The wall to the left of the door was dominated by a large stone hearth, now cold and empty with the cooking apparatus long-since removed. Across from the hearth, to the right of the door, a steep staircase led upwards to sleeping areas in the loft above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking around the plain homestead, Raynn felt a sense of solidarity with Kamery and Carolyn. Her own upbringing had been similar\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  simple but loving, yet ended with tragedy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two narrow windows looked out on either side of the front door, and two more larger ones would allow light in on the opposite wall. However, drawn curtains covered all four windows now; someone wanted privacy for this meeting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A large, round table stood in the middle of the room, with four chairs around it. Although the homemade wooden furniture was simple, it was well-made and worn smooth with frequent use. A lantern burned on the tabletop, silent notification that they were not the first ones to arrive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome home, Your Majesty.\u8221\'94 Mathias Shaw stepped out of the shadows at the back of the room and bowed to Varian. He turned to Elthas, who had entered last. \u8220\'93Please, close the door. We have much to discuss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the door closed, a magical light flared to life near the ceiling, illuminating the dim room. Footsteps on the staircase announced the presence of another. At the sound, Raynn looked over and was pleasantly surprised to see Jaina Proudmoore descending the staircase. Although Jaina smiled briefly at Raynn and Bryna, her attention was on Varian and her face was tense.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian nodded a greeting to the arch-mage, as she spoke. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have found out much since our last meeting. I believe I have the answers we seek.\u8221\'94}}