{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In more detail:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - This is an adventure story, following five players characters in the World of Warcraft.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Part 1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery is a rogue in the employ of SI:7. She had been investigating the Defias Brotherhood in Westfall, and has discovered their main base of operations. She is tasked with putting together a group to clear it out, and bring their leader to justice. She recruits her sister, Carolyn, and Raynn, a warrior/blacksmith whom she had met earlier. Carolyn has been adventuring on another continent, but she happily returns at her sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s request; Carolyn is accompanied by her friend Elthas, and a mage Bryna, whom Elthas had impulsively asked to join them. At this point, the leader of the Defias is the main goal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Character motivations in part 1:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery - Doing her job, she has seen what the Defias have done to the people of Westfall, and wants to bring them to justice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn - She wants to help her sister, and is also motivated by justice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas - He is excited to explore a new land, with new friends, and help Carolyn and Kamery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna - She is often restless and had been getting bored anyway, so this is a fun new adventure. She enjoys the camaraderie of the group and sees potential for their future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn - She had heard of the Defias, and is happy to help bring them to justice. She also has a strong desire to improve her blacksmithing, but sets it aside to help Kamery. (In the words of her trainer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The gauntlets will be here when you return. But if you don\u8217\'92t go, Kamery might not return.\u8221\'94)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Part 2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After killing the leader of the Defias (when he wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t surrender), the group returns to Stormwind and almost immediately discovers that the Defias still have agents within the city. They investigate further, and assassinate a corrupt noble and several Defias.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Character motivations in part 2:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All - finishing what they started, still trying to stop the Defias from threatening the general populace.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Part 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn, a priestess, is asked, by a bishop, to investigate a missing diplomat, and Kamery joins her. They are told that the Defias are involved, but learn that the Defias actually answer to someone even more powerful. Elthas returns to Darnassus to train, but then reunites with the sisters in Menethil Harbor and joins their investigation. They learn that the missing \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93diplomat\u8221\'94 is King Varian Wrynn. Bryna studies with Jaina Proudmoore in Theramore for a while, but then rejoins the others when their investigation brings them to Theramore. Their investigation hits a dead end, but they discover hints that the Black Dragonflight is involved with the Defias. They learn that the King has returned to Stormwind, but with no memory of his abduction. Meanwhile, Raynn travels to Stranglethorn Vale to learn more about blacksmithing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Character motivations in part 3:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn - Doing a task for a leader in her organization, and continuing to unravel the Defias influence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery - Helping her sister (which is her next assignment for SI:7 too), and continuing to oppose the Defias.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas - Goes to Darnassus because he has discovered that he had learn a new form to show Carolyn (she is fascinated by his shapeshifting). Returns through Menethil Harbor because that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the route back to Stormwind and his friends - it\u8217\'92s a happy coincidence that they meet in Menethil Harbor. Joins them for friendship and to stop the Defias.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna - Goes to Theramore to study. Rejoins the others because she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bored with books (again). Bryna does have a sense of justice too, but mostly she\u8217\'92s just motivated by seeking novelty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn - Wants to improve her blacksmithing. Her late father taught her blacksmithing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she enjoys the craft, and wants to make him proud.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Part 4}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After the dead end in their investigation, the characters are at loose ends. Carolyn, Kamery, Bryna, and Elthas continue to adventure together for a while, doing small tasks to help people in the Wetlands. They separate when Kamery is recalled to SI:7 for a solo assignment, taking out a fire elemental that is controlling Dark Iron Dwarven expansion. Elthas and Carolyn return to Darnassus, and then travel to Feathermoon Island. Bryna teleports around the world doing research on magically induced memory loss, a possible clue from the investigation, but gets nowhere.  Raynn continues to train with legendary blacksmithing masters, and is sent to Tanaris. Raynn decides to visit Theramore on her way to Tanaris, and meets Bryna, who joins her for the trip. While exploring Tanaris, Bryna discovers the Caverns of Time and fixes a time-way for the Bronze Dragonflight. Carolyn and Elthas cross Kalimdor and end up in Gadgetzan in Tanaris. After her solo mission, Kamery is sent to Tanaris to find her sister and friends, to rebuilt the group and get more experience together. After they all reunite in Tanaris, the group fixes another time-way for the Bronze Dragonflight, then travel to Un\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92goro Crater for some adventuring and bonding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Character motivations in part 4:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn - Improving her blacksmithing. Starting to heal emotionally from the loss of her parents when she was young, and enjoys the friendship of the group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn and Elthas - Wanting to help people, both in the Wetlands and Feathermoon. Cross Kalimdor for exploration and adventure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn - Returns to Darnassus to fulfill a childhood goal of learning to ride a Kaldorei moonsaber.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas - Returns to Darnassus to learn a new form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna - Restless and seeking knowledge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery - Doing her job (which she took because she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s good at stealth, and wants to use it in service to her kingdom and justice). Dark Iron expansion threatens the stability of the continent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Part 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The five main characters are sent to the Burning Steppes with a vague directive. They learn that the Black Dragonflight has been influencing the Blackrock Orcs to be more aggressive. They encounter King Varian Wrynn and Broll Bearmantle, and join them in rescuing Marshal Reginald Windsor from the Dark Iron Dwarves in Blackrock Depths. They learn that Lady Katrana Prestor, a royal advisor in Stormwind, is actually the black dragon, Onyxia. They learn that Varian has been split into two people by Onyxia, who is currently controlling one of them on the throne of Stormwind. They travel to Stormwind and confront Onyxia. During the battle, the two copies of Varian are reunited into one. Facing unfavorable odds, Onyxia retreats. The main characters are tasked with figuring out how to access her lair. They consult with other dragon-flights, and Haleh sends them to Blackrock Spire, where they fight Orcs and a black dragonspawn. Haleh fixes the medallion that will give them access to Onyxia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lair and they go in and kill her, ending the threat of the Black Dragonflight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Character motivations in part 5:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All - to help Varian and counter the Black Dragonflight. Carolyn, Kamery, Bryna all grew up in Stormwind and respect the authority of the King. Raynn and Elthas less-so, but both see the justness of his cause, and at this point the group is pretty solidified, so they won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t leave their friends.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Epilogue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian leads an army into the Molten Core and they defeat Ragnaros, the elemental lord, ending the threat of the fire elementals. Without Ragnaros to control them, the Dark Iron Dwarves will eventually be reintegrated into Dwarven society, ending that threat.}}