{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Kamery slipped silently through the larger chamber, Elthas explored further beyond the iron grate, and discovered that the passageway he was exploring led to a wide, paved roadway. Lined with groups of Dark Iron Dwarves who were alternately patrolling the highway or stopping to practice group maneuvers, the area presented a challenge. Padding quietly in the shadows, Elthas progressed slowly, careful to avoid confrontations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The way opened out into a wider plaza, leading up to a wide gate decorated with massive carvings that echoed the doors into the mountain above. However, he noticed that the tops of these carvings held lookout posts, with windows looking down over the highway. A passageway opened in the edge of the gate, which would connect the two sides when the gate was closed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slipping stealthily through the ajar gate, Elthas found himself on a bridge over a lake of bubbling magma far below. The scent of molten rock intensified the already oppressive atmosphere, eliciting longing thoughts of the lush jungle of Un\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92goro Crater in the druid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bridge led to a hallway lined with fire elementals, and beyond he could see a massive anvil of dark iron. A larger fire elemental was pacing around the anvil, and the druid didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think that he would be able to slip between it and the edge of the ledge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery had taken on one of these elementals alone, he knew, but she had also needed potions and had been badly injured. In his feline form, he wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be able to use potions or heal himself, so he decided to turn back for now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Elthas returned back through the gate, he took note of more narrow windows in the stone walls high above on either side. Movement within suggested that they also housed guards watching the approach to the gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On his way back to rejoin Kamery, he passed a small side passage that led in the direction of the chamber she was investigating, so he turned that way. Halfway along it, he passed a solid iron door set into the rough stone wall. Decorative etchings on the door matched the architecture of the door below, and he thought that this must lead into the garrisons overlooking the highway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A scrap of paper caught under the lower edge of the door caught his attention. After checking that the passage was clear, he shifted out of his feline form and bent to retrieve it. The note was stained and barely legible, but he could make out a few words. One in particular caught his attention, prompting him to slip the note into his pack: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Windsor\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shifting back to feline form, his ears twitched as he discerned the sounds of combat approaching the central chamber. The rest of their friends had reached the antechamber. Broll\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ursine roar sounded out, and Elthas reflected on the older druid for a moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Broll had been a well-known, yet mysterious, figure to the younger druids in Darnassus. He and Elthas had spoken while cooking dinner the night before, but the other druid been reticent about his past. Broll had complimented Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s instincts about Varian, while still chastising him for his forwardness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas had accepted the advice, but he knew himself, and knew that his exploratory nature would not easily be quenched. Traveling with his friends helped though, knowing that his inquisitiveness was well-balanced within the group. Wondering what Kamery had found on her exploration, Elthas slipped back into the shadows to rejoin the others.}}