{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red160\green54\blue91;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa80\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Types of Characters<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are two broad categories of characters and many different subtypes:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. Protagonists}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2. Secondary Characters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most stories only have one or two protagonists, or main characters, which means that most of your characters will be secondary characters. What is a protagonist?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Protagonist definition:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The primary character of a story. The character at the center of the plot whose choices drive the story and whose fate determines the story\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s outcome.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Protagonists tend to be dynamic characters who have a character arc that changes throughout the story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Protagonists also tend to be point of view characters, meaning the narrator follows their point of view or they are a first-person narrator. (More on point of view here.) These characters carry the narrative, and in a story told in third person limited point of view, they will be the only character whose thoughts and emotions the reader can see.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Warning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Unless you're writing a love story, which frequently has two protagonists in the couple, be careful about having more than one protagonist. There's a reason George R. R. Martin is still (still!) trying to finish A Song of Ice and Fire. The more point-of-view characters you have, the more complicated your narrative, and the more problems you face.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>There are three types of protagonists:<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 The Classic Hero.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Think Harry Potter, Jane Eyre, Atticus Finch, or Katniss Everdeen. Classic heros are brave, are selfless, and try to do the right thing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 The Anti-Hero.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Think Severus Snape, Huckleberry Finn, or Han Solo. Anti-heroes are not noble, rarely do the right thing, and might, in ordinary circumstances, be considered the villain.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 The Ordinary Hero.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Think Neville Longbottom, Holden Caulfield, and Jane Austen's Emma Woodhouse. These characters have an even mix of admirable and less noble qualities, just like most of us.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Secondary characters are the next category, and they contain all the other types of characters, including:<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Villain or Antagonist.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Not every story has a villain, but for the ones that do, the villain is the chief source of external conflict.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Love interest and love rival.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  In stories with a love plot or subplot, the love interest is the chief love interest for the protagonist and may even be a protagonist themselves. They may be static, meaning they don't change over the course of the story, or dynamic, meaning they do change, but they add to the romantic tension. Similarly, most love stories involve rivals, another love interest who creates a love triangle and increases the romantic tension.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Foil Character.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  A secondary character who acts as a mirror to the protagonist and is often very similar but different in one major way that allows us to better understand the protagonist's personality and choices.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Mentor.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The mentor is a character who steers the protagonist, helps get them out of trouble, and provides chances for reflection. A mainstay of the hero\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s journey plot structure, in many types of stories, without a good mentor, the character\u8217\'92s journey will end in tragedy (e.g. think about Hamlet, who had no mentor).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Sidekick.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  A sidekick is a character who supports the protagonist. Besides the protagonist and villain, they have the most opportunity for characterization and provide dialogue opportunities and insight into the character\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mindset. Sidekicks appear in all genres, from romance (e.g. Mercutio from Romeo and Juliet) to adventure (e.g. Samwise Gamgee from Lord of the Rings) to mystery (e.g. Inspector Beauvoir from the Inspector Gamache series) and more.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Side Characters.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Side characters often have fully developed personalities, long interactions with the protagonist, and perhaps even deep backstories. However, they rarely make decisions or change throughout the story.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 The Chorus.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  A term from playwriting, these characters may have names and vague descriptions, but they do not have fully developed personalities and are chiefly there to serve as bystanders.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Suspects.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Specific to mysteries and thrillers, suspects have fully developed personalities and they serve as objects of exploration for the investigator. They should all have motives and appear at least somewhat guilty of the crime, if only to serve as red herrings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u65532\'3FThese tend to be static characters with a flat character arc, at least within the confines of the story. However, great writers know that all characters have their own arc. Your job as a writer is to choose how much of that arc to show the reader in the story.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>6 Characters Your Protagonist Needs to Have Around<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your protagonist may be the star of the show, but they can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do everything alone. Just like it takes a village to raise a child, it takes an entire cast of characters to help your hero along on their journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u65532\'3FDo you think Harry Potter could\u8217\'92ve accomplished all that he did if it were just him on his own out there against Voldemort? Of course not. He had friends who stuck by him, teachers who came and went, and a whole assortment of villains that drove the plot forward. Your main character needs those people, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Let's take a look at the people who surrounded Harry and the roles they played in his life. Which of these character types appear in your story?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 1. Mentor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This would be the Dumbledore of the story. Usually an elder, but not necessarily, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re the one who always has some sort of nugget of wisdom right when the protagonist needs it. They teach and steer the main character away from stupid decisions (though they may not always succeed at that).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If your hero ran off without anyone to guide them, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d probably end up in heaps of trouble.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 2. Confidant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Being the hero of a story puts a lot of pressure on a person. They can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t handle all of these secrets and worries alone! Whenever they need some advice or a listening ear, this is the person they go to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This could be a friend, relative, teacher, anyone willing to offer help and encouragement. Sirius Black could be a good example of this.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 3. Antagonist}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whether it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s your typical \u8220\'93big bad,\u8221\'94 a school bully, or that cashier at the grocery store who gives the protagonist dirty looks, this is the character who offers up some conflict. It\u8217\'92s someone they can butt heads with, rant about to the confidant, maybe use a picture of their face as a dartboard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This character doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even have to be evil. As long as they and the main character are far from bosom buddies, you\u8217\'92re in the clear. Think of them as Snape.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 4. Parental Figure}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As a lot of heroes (such as Harry) are tragically orphans, the parental figure doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to be a mom or dad. They don\u8217\'92t even have to be related by blood. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were some of the best versions of parents Harry could\u8217\'92ve asked for.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u65532\'3FThis is the person who never forgets a birthday, makes a pot of the best chicken noodle soup when your protagonist has the flu, and hugs them goodnight.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 5. Sidekick/Partner-in-Crime}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is your protagonist planning to break into a high-security building in the dead of night in order to get those top-secret blueprints for the villain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s underground lair? This character doesn\u8217\'92t even need to be asked to come along; they\u8217\'92ll be there dressed in dark clothing and with a Plan B, C, and Q in mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As sidekicks have to be tight with the hero, they generally end up being the best friends, too. Ron and Hermione were Harry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s partners-in-crime, without a doubt.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 6. Comic Relief}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every story gets a little\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or a lot\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dark sometimes. But if the reader got stuck under that gloomy storm cloud for the entire ride, chances are they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d get tired of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the cue for this character to pop in and crack a joke or two, cheering up both the reader and your protagonist. Fred and George were definitely the comic relief of the series.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Get Creative<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course there are many more types of characters your protagonist in particular might need around. For example, if you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re writing a romance, they\u8217\'92d need a love interest, and maybe even a \u8220\'93wrong love.\u8221\'94 It\u8217\'92s up to you ultimately to decide which of these they need, when, and where.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you wanted, you could combine certain characters to make someone brand new and unique. What would a parental figure who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s also a partner-in-crime look like? How about an antagonist/comic relief?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The choice, and the story, is yours. Just don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t leave your protagonist stranded, all right?}}