{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn absorbed Thrall's words, a sense of gratitude and determination welling within her. Jaina's suggestion of Stormwind resonated, promising a journey into her father's legacy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned to Thrall, her voice steady but laced with gratitude, "Thank you, Warchief. For everything."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall inclined his head, a silent acknowledgment of their shared journey. "May the winds guide your steps, Raynn. Find the path that leads to your true self."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The prospect of leaving Kalimdor stirred conflicting emotions, but the promise of discovering her heritage held its own allure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina, a newfound friend in this tumultuous world, stepped closer, her eyes holding warmth that transcended the scars of conflict. "Stormwind awaits, and within its walls, you may find the missing pieces of your story. Safe travels, Raynn."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall extended a hand to Raynn. "May the spirits watch over you, young one."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn clasped his hand firmly. "And may they guide you in whatever challenges lie ahead, Warchief."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina, her eyes reflecting both understanding and warmth, approached. "It's not a farewell, Raynn, but a new beginning. Stormwind awaits, with your father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s people and a chance to embrace the roots of your heritage."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded, a mix of anticipation and nostalgia tugging at her heart. "Thank you, Jaina. I won't forget the friends I've made here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall's voice held a weight of shared history. "Your journey is your own, Raynn. But remember, the bonds forged in Kalimdor will endure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she prepared to step through the portal, she turned to Thrall and Jaina. "Perhaps our paths will cross again. Until then, thank you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for believing in me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Until we meet again," Thrall's deep voice resonated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a determined yet wistful smile, she stepped into the shimmering portal, and the windswept landscape of Durotar faded, replaced by the bustling cityscape of Stormwind. The foreign scents and sounds enveloped her, a stark contrast to the untamed wilds of Kalimdor. Raynn took a deep breath, embracing the uncertainty of a new chapter as the portal closed behind her, leaving behind echoes of shared history with the friends she'd found among orcs and humans alike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Kalimdor, Thrall and Jaina watched the portal fade, a bittersweet tableau on the hill. The echoes of shared history lingered, and as the winds whispered promises of change, they stood united in the hope that Raynn would find her place in the tapestry of Azeroth.}}