{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs20\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0 \line Your scene is well-crafted, but here are a few suggestions that might enhance it:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs20\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs20\b1 Emphasize Raynn's Internal Conflict:}{\f0\fs20\b0  Highlight Raynn's internal conflict about leaving Kalimdor. Is she torn between her attachments to the orcs and the promise of discovering her heritage in Stormwind? You can delve a bit more into her thoughts to convey this inner struggle.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs20\b0 2.	}{\f0\fs20\b1 Explore Jaina's Perspective:}{\f0\fs20\b0  Consider adding a brief snippet from Jaina's perspective as Raynn steps through the portal. What might Jaina be thinking or feeling in that moment? This can add an extra layer to Jaina's character and her connection with Raynn.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs20\b0 3.	}{\f0\fs20\b1 Sensory Details in Stormwind:}{\f0\fs20\b0  When Raynn arrives in Stormwind, you've mentioned the bustling cityscape. You could incorporate a few sensory details\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 perhaps the sounds of the city, the scent of unfamiliar flowers or foods, or the feel of the cobblestone streets under her boots\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to immerse the reader in this new environment.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs20\b0 4.	}{\f0\fs20\b1 Foreshadowing or Symbolism:}{\f0\fs20\b0  If there are any recurring themes, symbols, or foreshadowing elements in your story, consider subtly weaving them into this scene. It could be a small detail or a line that hints at things to come, adding depth to the narrative.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs20\b0 5.	}{\f0\fs20\b1 Reflect on Shared Experiences:}{\f0\fs20\b0  As Raynn leaves, you might include a brief reflection on the shared experiences she had with Thrall and Jaina. This could be a moment where they think about the battles fought together, the challenges faced, and the growth witnessed in each other.}}