{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he left the two Humans to find a new robe for Carolyn, Elthas thought back on his first meeting with the indomitable priestess.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Elthas stalked silently through the purplish-green undergrowth of Teldrassil, his black fur blending in to the shadows. In a clearing up ahead, he could hear the unruly sprites that he had been asked to help subdue. They sounded more agitated than he had expected.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 A rustle in the bushes behind him caught his attention and he stopped, turning around to see a female Human striding through the forest that surrounded Darnassus. A Human?! The thought set him back on his haunches, and he forgot to stay in the shadows.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Shorter than a Kaldorei, although still much taller than his feline form, the Human smelled faintly of the herbs he associated with the Temple of Elune. In her hand, she carried a sturdy staff of white wood, etched with holy symbols, and she was wearing the white robes he associated with priestesses. Her hair, swept up into a neat swirl at the back of her head, was golden blonde, a shade that stood out in comparison to the darker colors of his people\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 certainly brighter than his own dark blue hair.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 She noticed him and came to a halt, studying him with a growing smile.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you a druid?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice shaking slightly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thinking that he had scared her, Elthas shifted out of form. It was a mistake\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 he towered over the slight figure. Her eyes were wide as she took a step back, taking him in. He felt his wide shoulders drop and curl inward, trying to not be so intimidating.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Her smile hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t faltered though. \u8220\'93You are a druid!\u8221\'94 There was unmistakable excitement in her voice now. She took another step back, this time not for distance, but so that she could hop up onto a root that twisted behind her. Now she was almost the same height as he was. Elthas felt himself smiling in response as he nodded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a priestess?\u8221\'94 he asked, still trying to figure out what a Human was doing in the wilds of Teldrassil. Humans were not uncommon in Darnassus, but they mostly stayed around the central trunk of the World Tree.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Human nodded, and introduced herself. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Carolyn Wilson, from Stormwind.\u8221\'94 Her small nose wrinkled a little at that. He wondered what it was about the Human city that she found distasteful. He hadn\u8217\'92t been outside of Teldrassil, and couldn\u8217\'92t wait to explore the world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Elthas,\u8221\'94 he replied, adding unnecessarily, \u8220\'93from Darnassus.\u8221\'94 He cringed inwardly, but she laughed, a delightfully musical sound. Tilting his head to one side, he gave in to his curiosity. \u8220\'93What are you doing out here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If anything, her smile grew, as she gestured to the grove ahead. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hunting sprites. You?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Baffled, Elthas nodded. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93As am I.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Carolyn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes lit up. \u8220\'93Can we go together?\u8221\'94 She frowned briefly. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t need help! I just want to see a druid fighting!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Elthas chuckled at her eagerness. He could fight alone too, but he enjoyed the company of others, and this Human was refreshingly enthusiastic. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why not.\u8221\'94 He dropped back into feline form, and her smile returned full force.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 He resumed his slow stalk through the undergrowth, but Carolyn had no such caution. She ran ahead to the edge of the grove, a shimmering golden shield of holy power wrapping around her as she moved.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Two of the sprites noticed her, converging on her from two sides, and to Elthas\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s absolute surprise, she began swinging her staff at them. Once his shock faded, he realized that she was actually quite adept with the weapon, landing blows that dispatched the farther sprite in short order. The other, just to his left, continued to cast its wild thorn magic at her though, and her shield shattered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Deciding that this was his cue, Elthas shook of his bemused stupor and pounced, his claws raking at the unsuspecting sprite from behind. Carolyn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s staff landed another blow, and between that and his attacks, the sprite fell.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 He glanced up to see her smiling in delight. He was about to shift again to speak to her, when a sharp pain hit him in the side. A third sprite off to his right had taken notice of them. Grimacing in pain, Elthas turned, noticing that Carolyn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s delight had given way to a look of grim determination.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 A surge of healing power flowed through him, mending the wound in his side, as he leaped at the sprite, claws extended in an extension of his self. Carolyn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s staff joined the fray to his left, and the sprite was finished quickly. Three sprites in short order. They made a good team, he thought.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Carolyn crouched before him, her eyes shining, but with a faint overlay of concern. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you alright?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Elthas nodded. He didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t shift this time, but pushed his voice out through the panther\u8217\'92s throat. \u8220\'93Thank you for the healing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Carolyn fell back in shock, and he realized that she probably didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know much about druids. Shifting then, he apologetically helped her to her feet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 She brushed off his apology, her eyes still bright, saying, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I want to know everything you can do!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had indeed learned everything that he could do, Elthas reflected as he loped across the white stone bridge to the Stormwind Park. She had even learned a holy spell of her own that was similar to his own healing spells, with their quick cast and slow action. He grinned, remembering her delight when he had told her \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Now you can heal like a druid.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fresh scent of grass and sea air greeted him as he entered the Park. Elthas slowed his pace, drinking in the surroundings. Neatly trimmed hedges separated the Park from the canal-side pathway that surrounded it, setting it apart from the rest of the city. Smooth, carefully tended, grass extended out in front of him. In the center of the lawn stood a small shimmering fountain, reminiscent of Darnassus. He hoped that the druids here could help him; it was time to learn something new to show Carolyn.}}