{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>31: Unity in Un\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92goro<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As time passed, the group\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bonds grew and strengthened, as they continued to learn more of each other\u8217\'92s abilities. Their days were spent in a mix of individual pursuits and working together to tackle the occasional tasks the expedition members asked of them. Many evenings, they would spend time sparring with one another to hone their combat skills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, one night, Kamery was jolted awake by Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pained cry fracturing the stillness. Instantly alert, she crouched, daggers in hand, scanning for danger in the dim light of the banked fire. The warrior was still asleep on her bedroll, although her face was drawn and pale in the amber glow. She cried out again, waking herself this time; her eyes were dark and haunted as she sat up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cries had woken the others too, and they slowly stirred. Beside the warrior, Bryna blinked sleepily, her burgundy hair tousled around her shoulders. It was odd seeing the mage without her hat, Kamery noted offhandedly, as she resheathed her daggers and made her way over to Raynn\u8217\'92s side of the sleeping area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn joined her a moment later, circling around to kneel by Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, as Kamery crouched beside one plate-clad knee. Raynn, they had learned, was comfortable sleeping in full plate armor; more comfortable than taking it off, it seemed. On the warrior\u8217\'92s other side, Bryna was sitting up, and Elthas was kneeling across from Kamery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn became aware of them, and her face regained some color, flushing in embarrassment. Carolyn laid a gentle hand on the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94 the priestess asked softly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nightmare,\u8221\'94 the warrior answered shortly. Her left hand rubbed absently at her side and Kamery noticed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An old injury?\u8221\'94 the rogue asked, curious but keeping her tone neutral.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded, making an obvious effort to still her hand by resting it on her upraised knees with the other. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Long since healed,\u8221\'94 she addressed Carolyn\u8217\'92s concerned look. Her eyes were distant with memory, avoiding their gazes and her face was closing up again in that familiar way. She couldn\u8217\'92t keep doing this, Elthas decided. Reaching out, he took Raynn\u8217\'92s hands in his, holding on as she tried to pull back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Memories are wounds too,\u8221\'94 he told her. \u8220\'93If not treated, they fester and putrefy. Wounds need to be cleansed; memories too need purging. Perhaps not with us, but you need to share with someone, not just continue to bandage over them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn stopped resisting as he spoke, and she seemed to be considering his words. He and the other Humans waited in comforting silence, broken only by the buzzing of the night insects, giving her the time she needed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her friends\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 warmth surrounded her, reassuring her. Slowly, haltingly, Raynn revealed the painful tapestry of her past. They listened quietly, acceptingly, with few interruptions as she acknowledged what they had already somewhat guessed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that she had grown up in Lordaeron, and traveled to Kalimdor with the Orcish Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warmth of Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand on her shoulder, and Elthas\u8217\'92s firm grip on her hands steadied her, as she told them about her parents\u8217\'92 deaths at the hands of angry and frightened Humans at an internment camp. Her mother had been studying the Orcs; the family had been caught in the middle when Thrall\u8217\'92s army had arrived to liberate the Orcish prisoners.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They listened without judgment as she told them how Grom and Thrall had saved her, and delivered her to safety with the Dwarves of Dun Modr, who had subsequently fostered her to the Wildhammers in Aerie Peak. At the mention of Grom\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s name, she felt Elthas\u8217\'92s hands tighten involuntarily on hers, but the druid gave her an apologetic look and continued listening as she explained that she had known Grom as a mentor and protector, not the demon-driven force of destruction he had been to the Kaldorei.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna nodded thoughtfully as Raynn admitted to interrupting her gryphon patrol over Hillsbrad, to misdirect the Human army that would have caught the Orcs before they could safely depart from Southshore, and how Thrall and Grom had taken her with them to protect her from reprisal. The mage had already suspected that she had traveled to Kalimdor with the Orcs, Raynn knew from Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s earlier questioning, thankfully cut off at the time by Kamery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms surrounded Raynn as she told them what she knew about her injury; she had been with an Orcish patrol in Ashenvale when they had been beset by a demon and she had been incapacitated. She had passed out from the wound, and woken weeks later, in Jaina\u8217\'92s camp at Stonetalon Peak. Still uncertain herself about her rescuer, she omitted mention of the shadowy figure who had dispatched the demon before it could finish her off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The judgment she had feared didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come. She had divulged even more than Jaina knew, her words a stream of memory that once started, she hadn\u8217\'92t been able to stop, but they accepted her. Raynn felt tears welling in her eyes, but it was, as Elthas had said, cleansing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had fallen into an exhausted, but peaceful, sleep not long after. When they awoke, there were a few lingering questions, which Raynn answered honestly, if occasionally hesitantly. She was still getting used to being this vulnerable, and the others were willing to give her time, for the wound Elthas had mentioned to begin to heal.}}