{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The road turned to the south not long after the group split, and shortly a narrow trail split off to the right, leading down into a snowy hollow. Bryna confidently led them down that path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bottom of the dell was swarming with blue dragonspawn, coming and going from the entrance to a foreboding cave. Raynn gripped her sword and shield more tightly, wishing that Carolyn, or even Elthas, was still with them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna, however, was undaunted. She led them around the rim of the basin, into the sparse pine forest beyond. The sharp scent of the trees cut through the crisp, cold air, and Raynn filled her lungs with the refreshing combination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the ground began to rise, one particular tree seemed to be a landmark, and Bryna turned to lead them along the edge of the slope. The footing was treacherous on the snow-covered incline, and they walked slowly, carefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coming around a curve of the mountain, they saw a blonde Quel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92dorei in blue robes ahead of them. Her perch overlooked ancient ruins on the shore of the frozen lake below, and she seemed to be studying the movements of the spirits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92dorei looked up as they approached, giving them a distracted smile. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a long way from home.\u8221\'94 As Raynn neared, she recoiled, her fine brows drawing together. \u8220\'93I sense an aura of evil radiating from you. What could you hold that entails such an aura?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn held out the broken medallion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haleh? We\u8217\'92re hoping you could help us repair this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Haleh, yes,\u8221\'94 she murmured distractedly, her gaze fixed on the medallion. \u8220\'93I should have known\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a piece of the Black Dragonflight brood-mother, Onyxia. How revolting\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Haleh trailed off, her mouth twisted in distaste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn cleared her throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Aspects insist that we stay out of the affairs of mortals.\u8221\'94 Haleh\u8217\'92s eyes looked off into the distance. \u8220\'93In this world, however, such a thing is not always possible - especially when one of our own contemptuously disregards such edicts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her decision made, she turned back to the medallion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is a dragon scale, enchanted and transformed.\u8221\'94 Her eyes studied the twisted gold and smooth onyx. \u8220\'93Whole, it could have granted access to the beast's lair. Shattered\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one delicate finger reached out to trace the crack, not quite touching the stone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93it is useless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank. This had been their only hope; without it, Onyxia could continue to scheme from her lair, rebuilding the Black Dragonflight, to threaten Theramore and beyond. Memories of the unrest and chaos wrought by the Defias ran through her mind. How many more lives would be ruined if the brood-mother\u8217\'92s influence was left unchecked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She could see her reaction reflected in Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s solemn grey eyes; Bryna\u8217\'92s eyes were hidden below the brim of her hat, but Raynn was certain that the mage was also considering the ramifications, probably in much further detail than she herself could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before they could express their dismay though, Haleh shook her head halting their thoughts. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is possible to repair the item\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she offered them hope, and a challenge\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93but to do so would require the blood of a black dragon champion.\u8221\'94 Her eyes grew distant again. \u8220\'93There is one\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 General Drakkisath, ruler of the dragonspawn armies of Blackrock Spire.\u8221\'94 She looked at them as she promised, \u8220\'93Return with his blood, and I shall enchant the fragment into something that will grant you access to Onyxia's lair.\u8221\'94}}