{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Across the ocean from the Shimmering Flats, Kamery stood once more in Mathias Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s round office in Stormwind. Shaw stood at his usual spot by the window, looking out over the city, as she delivered her report. She knew that he was listening intently though, as she told him of the disarray of the Dark Iron Dwarves in the Badlands. Her left thigh still ached slightly, but it was bearable now. Once again, she thought longingly of her priestess sister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good job.\u8221\'94 Shaw nodded, turning to her with a pleased smile. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve come a long way, Kamery. Unfortunately, the Dark Irons are a lot more firmly established closer to home.\u8221\'94 His smile shifted, becoming more enigmatic. \u8220\'93It will take more than a single agent to disrupt their mining operations in the Searing Gorge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded. Her recent foray had pushed her to her limits, and that had just been a small, far-flung outpost. SI:7 agents occasionally worked in small groups, she knew, but she also had a flare of hope that perhaps Shaw would ask her to contact Carolyn again. The SI:7 master had no compunction about using their sisterly relationship to his advantage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw wasted no time confirming her hope, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your sister should be in Tanaris soon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery blinked in surprise. How did he know where Carolyn was going? Where exactly }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Tanaris?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Laying a comforting hand on her shoulder, Shaw led Kamery to the staircase leading down out of his office. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s have a look in the strategy room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They descended the spiraling first flight of stairs, to the second floor of the headquarters. A large planning room opened out to their right, with a detailed map of the world permanently affixed to the large table in the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s center.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers traced as he spoke. \u8220\'93Carolyn was last seen here, in the Thousand Needles. She and Elthas were heading east. Unless they double back and head north into the Barrens, they\u8217\'92ll reach the Shimmering Flats in a few days. From there, the only option is to turn south to Tanaris. Gadgetzan is a Goblin city built at the pass into the desert. They\u8217\'92ll likely stay there for a little while at least.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery considered that, trying to follow Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thinking, putting his information together with what she knew of her sister. Carolyn was stubbornly determined, Kamery knew, so the idea of turning back from a path and retracing her steps was indeed unlikely. Combined with Elthas\u8217\'92s love of exploration, it did make sense that the two would continue east through Thousand Needles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to go there?\u8221\'94 she asked, trying to keep her voice neutral.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warm tone in Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice told her that she hadn\u8217\'92t succeeded, but it didn\u8217\'92t matter. \u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94 His fingers moved again, this time to the Eastern Kingdoms. \u8220\'93You can fly to Booty Bay from here quickly, then I\u8217\'92ve arranged a swift cutter to take you across to Steamwheedle Port, in Tanaris. It\u8217\'92s a short ride to Gadgetzan. You should arrive within a week.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened at the time-frame. To cross the ocean in less than a week was impressive. She counted days. She might still miss them, if they didn\u8217\'92t stay long. \u8220\'93If I miss them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Find them.\u8221\'94 Shaw\u8217\'92s order was emphatic. His fingers moved across the map, to the mountain just east of Stormwind. \u8220\'93Blackrock Mountain is stirring. Between the Dark Iron, the Orcs, and the Elementals, we\u8217\'92ll need your group.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The spy-master gave Kamery a level look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not ready yet,\u8221\'94 he stated bluntly. \u8220\'93When you do find them, spend some more time together. Gain more experience in the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery accepted the assessment with a nod. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll send word again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw nodded, his hand moving again across the map. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Raynn was seen passing through Booty Bay. She boarded the ship to Ratchet. See if you can find her in Kalimdor, after you find your sister.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes followed the spy-master\u8217\'92s hands, taking in all the new locations and unfamiliar place names. One member of their group still hadn\u8217\'92t been mentioned yet. \u8220\'93What of Bryna?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve lost track of Bryna.\u8221\'94 Shaw sounded disgruntled. \u8220\'93Mages are difficult.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remembering the array of portals from the Arathi Highlands, Kamery had to agree. Bryna had found their time together interesting though, so perhaps she would get bored again, and seek them out. Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s parting words echoed in Kamery\u8217\'92s mind, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91This isn\u8217\'92t the end.\u8217\'92}}