{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head whirled, trying to make sense of her last six hours. She frowned up at the sun, still high overhead, suggesting the passage of only a couple of hours. It had been six hours, she was sure; her internal clock was never wrong. She sighed, nudging her carpet forward over the dunes and away from the Caverns. With bronze dragons, she supposed she would need to reconsider her internal clock, along with her reading choices.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92at had indeed needed her assistance in the time-way. He had been beset by darkly iridescent dragon-kin from the Infinite flight, whose purpose seemed to be to disrupt the history of Azeroth. Bryna had fought by his side, while at the same time, trying to watch Medivh work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Running from one Infinite dragon time-rift to another in the crocolisk and jaguar-infested swamp, she had only caught a few glimpses of the Guardian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s powerful spell-casting. Purple and green energies had surrounded him, unlike anything she had seen before, accompanied by chants that had been far from arcane. Demonic, she thought, although she was no warlock to know for certain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he had completed his spell, the Dark Portal had shimmered with a horrible green energy as the Guardian had called out for Gul\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92dan to send his Horde through. The sight of the endless ranks of fel-empowered Orcs emerging from the Dark Portal had been chilling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna shivered in the hot sun, remembering the sight. That swamp, she knew, was now a dry and desolate land, blasted to ruin by the Demonic energies of the Portal. The area was now watched over by Stormwind soldiers stationed at Nethergarde Keep. The Portal itself stood inert, closed by the efforts of the Sons of Lothar, after they had chased the Horde back to their own world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Filing away the memories of her last six hours\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Bryna gave the sun another suspicious look\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she shifted her weight on her carpet, picking up her speed across the hot sands back to Gadgetzan. Enough exploring for today, she decided, and possibly for the rest of the week. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think anything had ever turned her world upside-down quite like the Bronze Dragonflight had, and she needed time to properly adjust. Watching Raynn hammering away at enchanted metal sounded like a good idea.}}