{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas had moved up past Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left to study Vaelan curiously. The Human wasn\u8217\'92t Human, no more than he had been an Orc a few moments earlier. He radiated powerful magic; magic that Elthas had only seen a few times before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Andormu, Erozion, and Onyxia; he wondered if he would have sensed the same from Haleh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shifting out of feline form, he voiced his suspicions. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What Dragonflight are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vaelan momentarily looked as surprised as Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s companions, then he laughed appreciatively. \u8220\'93You are perceptive. I am of the Red Dragonflight. Vaelastrasz.\u8221\'94 He bowed to Elthas. \u8220\'93My natural form would not fit here. I am sure you understand. This\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he indicated his Human form\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93is my visage. The other is an illusion, to avoid trouble below.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas chuckled; he understood completely. He could see Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grey eyes crinkle in amusement, even as she blinked, still processing the existence of another Dragonflight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only recently, in the Moonglade, had Elthas learned a little more about the various Dragonflights\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how they had been the protectors of Azeroth, but had largely distanced themselves from the world as the mortal races grew. The Red Dragonflight were the protectors of life, which explained the sense of vitality radiating from Vaelan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As his companions absorbed the expanded introduction, Elthas pressed ahead. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mentioned gemstones of power. Where would we find those?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vaelan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s good humor dropped once more. \u8220\'93What is it you seek, beyond Drakkisath\u8217\'92s death?\u8221\'94 He looked pointedly at Bryna again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mage had adjusted with her usual quickness. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haleh\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she paused, looking for recognition of the name, then continued at Vaelan\u8217\'92s nod\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93says that she can use the blood to repair an amulet that would grant us access to Onyxia\u8217\'92s lair.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vaelan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened at that, and a smile formed beneath his thick mustache. \u8220\'93Then I will give you whatever aid I can. The gemstones are held by the leadership of the clans residing below. At times, they carry the gemstones on them, other times, they are hidden in their chambers.\u8221\'94 His shoulders fell. \u8220\'93I have been unable to acquire any of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remembering their foray into the heart of the Dark Iron Dwarf city below, Elthas looked at Kamery. She read his look and nodded.}}