{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They made their way through the swamp to the north without mishap, save for Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robes getting snagged on a few stretching branches. Although she felt a little bad for slowing their pace, she knew that she would never be comfortable in leggings, like Kamery\u8217\'92s, and even less so in shorts like Bryna\u8217\'92s. Whimsically, she wondered why priests couldn\u8217\'92t shape-shift as druids could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The druid in question was bounding ahead of them now, even more eager than usual, she thought. His exuberant spirit helped to clear the last vestiges of the Shadows from her mind and once again she found herself glad that they had met.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skirting the Defias combing the beaches near the islands and the wreckage they could glimpse in the deeper waters, they made their way to an unoccupied part of the shoreline further north. Elthas met them at the edge of the water, standing waist-deep in the water. Carolyn looked at the druid curiously, wondering why he was out of form. His panther could swim as well as she could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden eyes were sparkling and he was smiling broadly. His attention was fully on Carolyn, as he spoke a single word, \u8220\'93Look!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her eyes widened as he shifted now, not to one of his familiar forms, but into something new\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a sea lion! His sleek silver-grey form glided gracefully through the shallow water. His whiskers twitched in excitement as he twisted and turned, showing off for her, the priestess knew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A delighted smile broke out on Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face at the exuberant druid\u8217\'92s antics. Of all the druid\u8217\'92s abilities, she found shape-shifting the most fascinating. Realization dawning, she asked, \u8220\'93Is this what you returned to Darnassus to train?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sea lion paused, its dark, liquid eyes dancing with happiness as it faced her and nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s wonderful!\u8221\'94 Carolyn exclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And useful,\u8221\'94 Kamery mused, her gaze turned in the direction of the shipwreck, now hidden behind the Defias-occupied island just south of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reminded of their purpose, and peril, the three women crouched lower in the water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know this Renn?\u8221\'94 Bryna asked, as they waded, then swam, offshore, following the sea lion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92ve never heard of him,\u8221\'94 Kamery responded. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s nothing new for SI:7 though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas seemed to know where to go, and in short order, they reached a low, rocky outcropping, behind which floated a Human in a diving helmet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The diver looked them over through the thick glass front of his helmet. Seemingly satisfied with the lack of red bandannas or aggression, he turned his attention to Kamery. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well met, rogue. What brings you out here?\u8221\'94 His voice echoed oddly from within the brass helmet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wondering why he kept the thing on, since he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t actually diving, Carolyn rested her feet against the steep underwater drop-off of the nearby rock, grateful for the support. While she could swim fairly effectively in her robes, they did tend to tangle about her legs sometimes, making it an exhausting undertaking. The silk of her new attire had been refreshingly light compared to the old wool, and she cast a grateful glance Bryna\u8217\'92s way, although she wasn\u8217\'92t sure if the mage noticed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery showed Renn the letter that Elthas had found, and the diver nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That explains why they\u8217\'92ve been searching the wreckage. We have to locate this valuable cargo before the Defias recover it! They\u8217\'92re no divers, but my gear is busted.\u8221\'94 His gloved hand indicated a valve at the base of his helmet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smiling as Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sleek form slid past her legs, Carolyn told Renn, \u8220\'93We have our own diver.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He noticed Elthas then, his eyes widening inside his helmet. Carolyn found herself even more mystified and bemused by the continued use of the accessory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Renn addressed Elthas directly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s plenty of wreckage strewn across the bottom of the water from here to Alcaz.\u8221\'94 A wave of his hand along the surface of the water indicated a large island rising steeply out of the water to the southeast. \u8220\'93The Defias have already got divers out there, but they\u8217\'92re not going right to the bottom yet. They\u8217\'92re not very good,\u8221\'94 he decreed once again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sea lion nodded again, twisting to dive in the indicated direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Urgency colored Renn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, as he warned, \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t go too close to Alcaz! Those hydra are fierce.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A flick of his tail indicated Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s receipt of the warning, and he disappeared deeper into the murky waters. They had fought hydra on the western coast of Kalimdor too, in Ashenvale, and Carolyn shuddered at the memory of the searing bite of their poisonous spit. The multi-headed creatures could be vicious, and the looming presence of the foreboding island only heightened the sense of danger. She hoped her friend would find what they needed before venturing too close. His eagerness to fulfill a quest could sometimes get the better of his common sense.}}