{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna did her best to answer their questions, as she led them to the Caverns of Time. When they arrived, Andormu answered more questions himself, as he led them to the time-way that needed their assistance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he gestured to a narrow path winding into vaguely familiar rolling hills\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93is the time-way to Hillsbrad of the past\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nine years to be exact.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A shiver of excitement ran through Bryna. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Of course, this looks like the area surrounding Dalaran\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s crater. Will we be going there, back before its destruction?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  She glanced around her companions, to see their reactions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn and Kamery looked mildly interested, waiting to hear their exact assignment. Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head tilted in curiosity, then he began his usual pacing around the group, investigating their surroundings as they spoke. Raynn, however, had been tense since they had approached the miniature landscape; now, she appeared deep in thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Andormu continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forces are working against the Horde Warchief, Thrall, attempting to prevent him from ever escaping Durnholde Keep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn drew in a sharp breath at that, eliciting curious looks from Kamery and Carolyn at what, for the stoic warrior, amounted to an outburst. Elthas had also stopped his pacing, his golden eyes now fixed on Andormu. Bryna once again regretted her omission of history books from her reading material. She tried to piece together what she did know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  To the people of Stormwind, the Orcish Horde was primarily known as a destructive force, from the early days of the Wars. But after their defeat at Blackrock Mountain, many of the Orcs had been imprisoned in Lordaeron to the north, and largely forgotten about by the rebuilding southern kingdom. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 We saw the remains of one of those internment camps back in the Arathi Highlands\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 not that far from where this time-way leads.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At some point, the Orcs had broken free. Subsequently, they had fled to Kalimdor, where they had helped defeat the Burning Legion. However, the brief history that she had skimmed in Darnassus had been fairly vague, and grudging, about the details of the Horde\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s involvement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If Thrall never escapes, this world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as you know it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 will cease to exist.\u8221\'94 Andormu\u8217\'92s warning was ominous, but vague. Amidst her confusion, Bryna felt a flicker of amusement. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Are bronze dragons always this melodramatic? I suppose it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s understandable, given what they deal with. But how does Thrall figure in all of this?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna racked her memory for the exact details of Thrall\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s involvement prior to recent events. Her previous visit to these caverns had ensured the Horde\u8217\'92s arrival on Azeroth. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Had Thrall been among the army that came through that portal? Jaina seemed to believe he and King Varian could negotiate peace, so it doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t seem likely. Had he been at the battle against the Legion? When did he emerge as Warchief anyway? I really do need to read more history books\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 soon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seemed that at least two of her companions knew more though. Raynn and Elthas were both nodding their heartfelt agreements with Andormu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s statement. A glance at Kamery and Carolyn told Bryna that the twin sisters were even more mystified than she was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn had already started forward though, as Andormu directed them into the blueish mist of the time-way, telling them to find the bronze dragon agents already inside. Bracing herself against the disorientation that came with time travel, Bryna followed. Swirling sensations washed over her, similar and yet completely different from portal travel. The kaleidescope of colors was familiar, but she had never smelled cinnamon in a regular portal. As her vision cleared, she saw that the five of them had emerged into a shallow cave overlooking the Hillsbrad Foothills.}}