{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air in the internment camp hung heavy with tension as the sun dipped low over the Arathi Highlands. Lysandra, Ellis, and Raynn approached the camp, a familiar routine tinged with apprehension. The camp sprawled before them, a collection of ramshackle tents and guarded fences, a temporary prison for the orcish captives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they entered, a distant rumble signaled the arrival of Thrall, Orgrim, Grom, and the orcish army. Dust stirred as they approached, a harbinger of the storm that was about to descend upon the camp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the entrance, Thrall's voice thundered, demanding the release of the orc prisoners. Fear gripped the humans within the camp, their anger building as they defiantly refused to let the orcs go. Among them, Lysandra and Ellis stepped forward, voices raised in favor of a peaceful resolution.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mood soured swiftly. The camp's inhabitants, driven by fear and hatred, turned on Lysandra and Ellis. Fists and weapons found their mark, and the couple was beaten mercilessly. In the shadows, Raynn watched, the horror of the scene etching itself into her memory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the chaos unfolded, the orcish army, led by Grom and Thrall, stormed the camp. The clash of metal, the roars of orcs, and the screams of humans merged into a symphony of chaos. Near the end of the tumultuous battle, Grom, his massive figure cutting through the haze of conflict, discovered Lysandra unconscious and Ellis barely clinging to life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grom, a conflicted expression on his face, recognized the inevitability of their demise. In an act of mercy, he offered Ellis a swift death. Ellis, battered and broken, seized the moment to make a final plea. With sincerity etched in his weakening voice, he extracted a promise from Grom to find and protect Raynn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unknown to them, Raynn had been a hidden witness to the unfolding tragedy. Grom, now bound by an unspoken blood oath, fulfilled his promise, ending the lives of Ellis and Lysandra.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the echoes of the battle subsided, Thrall arrived, a witness to the aftermath. Grom, grim-faced, informed Thrall of the need to find a human girl. An argument ensued, Grom invoking a blood oath that Thrall contested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a moment of tense compromise, Raynn stepped forward, proposing that they could leave her with the dwarves at Dun Modr, not far away. Grom, sensing a solution that would honor his promise and protect Raynn, reluctantly agreed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Together, Grom, Thrall, and Raynn rode to the Thandol Span, leaving behind the scene of both tragedy and compromise. Behind them, the orc army, under Ogrim Doomhammer, prepared for the next internment camp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Grom and Thrall watched Raynn cross the span, a new chapter began for the young human, accepted by the dwarves of Dun Modr. Grom and Thrall, bound by duty and the consequences of their choices, rejoined the orc army, leaving behind the scars of the internment camp and carrying the weight of promises made and broken.}}