{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fortified by a good meal, and better news, the group rallied to continue their infiltration of the Dark Iron city, as the now-open rear exit of the Grim Guzzler allowed passage to the deeper halls. The doorway led out into a circular balcony that overlooked a great anvil in the center of the city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dwarven homes ringed the wide ledge, with doorways on their level, and two and three floors of windows carved into the rock walls above. The ever-present braziers of glowing embers added to the incandescence of the lake of magma far below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Using the anvil to orient himself from his earlier explorations, Elthas was glad that he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t approached closer; the elemental guardian radiated heat that he could feel even at this distance. Luckily, it didn\u8217\'92t notice them above its post, as they circled around the perimeter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite a couple of scuffles with Dark Iron Dwarves along the way, they quickly reached another ramp, leading further down into the city. Varian and Broll led the way, having received directions from the helpful bartender.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Descending lower, the air became even warmer and more oppressive, and Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whiskers twitched at the sulfuric odor in the air. A breath of a breeze surprised him, as they rounded a corner in the hallway and emerged into a large square room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The back of the chamber was open, showcasing a wide chasm, rough stone walls, and oozing streams of red-orange magma. Raised runes, regularly spaced around the edges of the room, decorated the solid iron floor. To their left, another passageway continued downwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An angry hiss sounded from their right, and Elthas was glad that he had been prowling unseen in the shadows with Kamery. An orange-scaled Flamewalker slithered into view from behind an outcropping of rock, carrying a wicked trident whose tip glowed fiery red with enchantment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although his body resembled a massive upright snake, he had broad shoulders and muscular arms which were covered with long horns at intervals all along their lengths. More horns rose from his head, above an angular face that was twisted with hatred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Flamewalker attacked swiftly, but Raynn stepped forward, her shield already at the ready. She caught the blow easily, deflecting it aside. The fight seemed destined to settle into their well-practiced choreography, but the Flamewalker had a surprise in store for his opponents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn was the first to notice, calling out \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elementals!\u8221\'94 as several flame elementals rose from runes at the outer edges of the room. As the elementals converged on the Flamewalker, he cackled evilly, drawing streams of fiery, elemental energy from them. Radiating heat poured over the group, and the odor of singed hair tickled Elthas\u8217\'92s nostrils.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even as the melee combatants assessed the new threat, a sudden, surprising swirl of snow stymied the flow of fire. Beside Carolyn, Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms were raised and her face was locked in determined concentration. Although Elthas felt only a light chill as the magical blizzard swirled faster and thicker, one by one the fire elementals flickered out and the Flamewalker subsided to his original size.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Returning his focus to the single opponent, Elthas allowed his predatory instincts to take control and guide his claws to where they would do the most damage. The Flamewalker thrashed desperately, but only seemed to enrage Varian more. The Human King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s twin swords sliced down with deadly effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the Flamewalker\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fall, Elthas shifted out of feline form, which helped him to regain control over his instincts. As the adrenaline of combat faded, he felt the healing warmth of Carolyn\u8217\'92s group spell pass over him, mending the minor wounds that he hadn\u8217\'92t noticed in the heat of combat.}}