{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The return trip across the smoldering wasteland of the Burning Steppes had been uneventful. As Kamery watched Varian and Windsor stride across the rough encampment to speak with Marshal Maxwell, Helendis Riverhorn approached her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Kaldorei warrior held out a sealed missive, and Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed at the thought of being asked to deliver another message. However, this particular letter was for her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 another concise and cryptic communication from Mathias Shaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Broll had followed Varian and Windsor, and was watching the low, intense conversation now taking place between the two and Maxwell. Raynn and Bryna stood nearby, engaged in a light debate about the values of various gems and ores. Kamery idly wondered how long it would take Bryna to suggest selling the invaluable dark iron ingots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With Carolyn and Elthas listening, Kamery read out Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s note. \u8220\'93\u8216\'91Kamery, Carolyn. Harvest Festival is a time to gather at home with friends, both new and old.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened at the mention of her own name. \u8220\'93What does he mean, gather at home? Does he want us to return to Stormwind?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Friends old and new,\u8221\'94 Elthas mused. \u8220\'93The five of us, with Broll and Varian? Does he know about Windsor?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders lifted in uncertainty. She did understand one part of the message though. \u8220\'93Not to Stormwind.\u8221\'94 She watched Carolyn\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93Addressed to both of us\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he means our cottage.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn had left for Darnassus not long after their parents\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 deaths, and Kamery didn\u8217\'92t think her sister had returned to the cottage since. The priestess drew in a long, shaky breath, confirming Kamery\u8217\'92s suspicions. Elthas shifted subtly closer in a silent show of support.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Carolyn absorbed the hidden meaning, Kamery took a moment for her own memories. They had been born and grown up in Elwynn Forest, just southwest of Stormwind. Although simple, their parents\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 cottage had been warm and homey. A small garden patch had provided them vegetables, and they had owned a pair of cows and some chickens, which had provided milk and eggs to sell in nearby Goldshire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The twin sisters had been schooled at home by their mother, until they had reached fifteen. Although most of their free time had been spent helping tend to the small farm, they had been happy and loved. At fifteen, Kamery had been accepted by SI:7, to begin training as a rogue; Carolyn had begun her studies at nearby Northshire Abbey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunately, their parents\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 pride had been short-lived, as they had both contracted a wasting sickness not long afterwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite the best efforts of the priests and clerics, both from Northshire and Stormwind itself, both parents had died within days of each other, just before the girls\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 eighteenth birthday. They had been too ill to see Carolyn don the robes of a full priestess, and had not known that Kamery had become a proper agent within SI:7.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery swallowed with difficulty, seeing Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes misting over as her sister relived the same memories. Gently laying his large hands on both of their shoulders, Elthas drew the two sisters into a three-way embrace.}}