{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the grand halls of Stormwind Keep, Raynn made her way to Anduin's chambers, a sense of anticipation lingering in the air. The familiar tapestries and polished stone were a testament to the strength of the Alliance, but today, an unusual tension seemed to underscore the atmosphere.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she approached, Raynn noticed a figure standing beside Anduin, a dark silhouette contrasting sharply with the golden glow of the room. It was Wrathion, the Black Prince, an enigmatic presence with motives often shrouded in mystery.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin turned to greet her, his normally warm eyes now reflecting an eerie luminosity. "Raynn, I'm glad you've come. There's something we need to discuss, something of great importance."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn eyed Anduin with concern, sensing a subtle shift in his demeanor. "What's going on, Anduin? You seem... different."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wrathion stepped forward, his dragonkin eyes fixated on Raynn. "The whispers of N'Zoth are growing louder, and we must be vigilant. Anduin has taken necessary precautions."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin nodded, his expression a blend of determination and weariness. "Raynn, I need you to understand. N'Zoth's influence is insidious, and I won't let it corrupt the heart of the Alliance. I've taken steps to safeguard our future."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn's brows furrowed in confusion. "Steps? What kind of steps?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin extended his hand, revealing a shimmering orb that seemed to pulse with dark energy. "This is the Vision of N'Zoth. It allows us to see into the shadowy depths of the Old God's influence. We can't afford to be blind to the threats that lurk within."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn hesitated, her gaze shifting between Anduin and the ominous orb. "And what would you have me do, Anduin?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The young king's eyes held a mixture of urgency and trust. "Join us, Raynn. Help us unveil the true extent of N'Zoth's reach. The Alliance needs individuals of strength and resilience now more than ever."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she accepted the responsibility placed upon her, Raynn couldn't shake the feeling that the shadows of N'Zoth were poised to weave a dark tapestry, and the fate of Azeroth hung in the balance.}}