{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery and Raynn had almost finished their preparations. Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s map was incomplete, ending where she had been forced to turn back. Carolyn could hear the self-castigation in her sister\u8217\'92s voice as she concluded, \u8220\'93I couldn\u8217\'92t get any further. It looked like there was some sort of door ahead. I have no idea how far down these mines go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn smiled softly at her sister, knowing that Kamery would read the reassurance in her eyes, and the rogue\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leather-clad shoulders relaxed slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re up for this?\u8221\'94 Raynn\u8217\'92s question was blunt. With a small start, Carolyn realized that it was directed at her, feeling the warrior\u8217\'92s dark amber eyes bore into her widening ones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94 Carolyn grinned suddenly. \u8220\'93Kam said that you\u8217\'92re good at drawing all the attention. As long as she\u8217\'92s right\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she gave her sister a mischievous glance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93we\u8217\'92ll be fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed over her black bandanna. Raynn\u8217\'92s head jerked up and down once, quickly, apparently satisfied. \u8220\'93We should get some rest then, and head out in the morning.\u8221\'94 The warrior glanced questioningly around the group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The others nodded and, with a clatter of chairs scraping against the floor, they all rose. Carolyn watched Elthas straightening his wide shoulders. His dark blue hair almost brushed against the wide beams of dark wood crossing the ceiling. Obviously, the inn hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been built with Kaldorei in mind. Luckily for Elthas, he was a druid, and he shifted quickly into his feline form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t spoken much during the planning meeting, but he had been attentive and had studied Kamery\u8217\'92s map closely. Carolyn knew that his feline form\u8217\'92s vision was different, and he could see ink on paper better in his Kaldorei form. He nudged her hand, and she stroked the soft fur of his head, eliciting a rumbling purr. His energy returning, he bounded up the stairs to his room above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna was the last to stand, her movements slow and lethargic. Her red hat shaded her eyes, but Carolyn could feel the weight of the mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze. It seemed focused on her arm, and Carolyn glanced down at her torn sleeve. She tugged the ragged edges together, trying to hide them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get that fixed,\u8221\'94 Bryna offered. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve cast a seam or two in my day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn smiled as she responded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can do it myself.\u8221\'94 At Bryna\u8217\'92s lazy shrug, she winced, and quickly added, \u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t mind help though. My kit is upstairs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she followed Bryna up the wide wooden stairs to their rooms, Carolyn studied the mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clothing. It appeared simple, but she was learning to imbue cloth with magic herself, and recognized some familiar details\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and noticed a few unfamiliar ones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they reached the second floor landing, the clinking of glasses and casual chatter from the common room faded away. Approaching the room that she and Kamery were sharing, Carolyn glimpsed her sister inside, digging through the variety of dried herbs and powders that she always carried with her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna noticed the same thing, and suggested, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s use my kit.\u8221\'94 Carolyn nodded in agreement and followed Bryna down the narrow, well-lit hallway to the mage\u8217\'92s room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Bryna retrieved her sewing kit, Carolyn pulled off her robe. It was strange wearing just a lightweight linen shirt and leggings, and her legs curled protectively underneath her as she settled on the soft bed. Bryna sat opposite her, the robe spread out on the faded blue patchwork quilt between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sewing kit was so much more extensive than her own, filled not only with the accustomed threads and scraps of fabric, but also an array of colorful sparkling dusts, crystals, and gems. Carolyn\u8217\'92s eyes darted from one strange reagent to another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For enchanting too,\u8221\'94 Bryna revealed, as she reached for a spool of white thread and a golden needle. \u8220\'93This won\u8217\'92t be pretty, but it\u8217\'92ll at least keep the draft out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn fidgeted with the robe, twisting the folds to reveal other mends and patches. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t entirely sure, but she thought she felt Bryna recoil slightly, before the mage caught herself. Curious, Carolyn asked, \u8220\'93Where did you learn to sew?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna smiled and, with obvious pride in her voice, answered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My parents own a shop in Stormwind. I grew up doing this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d appreciate any tips then!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna grinned roguishly, momentarily reminding Carolyn of Kamery. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Watch and learn.\u8221\'94 She threaded the needle with practiced ease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn obeyed readily, watching the flashing needle with rapt attention. The mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stitches were neat and tidy, each one winding an enchantment into the cloth to strengthen it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna glanced up, her eyes appraising Carolyn. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s your endurance spell-casting? Or do you want more power?\u8221\'94 She tilted her head thoughtfully. \u8220\'93We may face some rough fights ahead, if these Defias are as stubborn as we\u8217\'92ve heard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn nodded as she answered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m good with pacing myself. Power might be nice. Raynn is confident, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 She broke off, not wanting to criticize their newest member, and prospective protector.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna had no such compunctions. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Half mail, and worn out at that. You\u8217\'92ll have your hands full.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn stiffened. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can manage. I\u8217\'92ve been in combat before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finished with her repairs, Bryna shook out the robe, holding it up as she smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I can see.\u8221\'94 Her head was up though, and Carolyn could see her dark eyes dancing with amusement, not malice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Snatching up her robe, Carolyn quickly slipped it over her head, allowing the heavy folds to embrace her body once more. She felt the extra magical power coursing through her, and she gave Bryna an appreciative look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. We should get some sleep now. Morning will come quickly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna nodded, and Carolyn headed back to her shared room, hoping that Kamery had finished with the herbs. While she understood the value of noxious concoctions that her sister used to coat her weapons, she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stand the stench.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery was still hard at work, her herbs spread out on the small wooden table on one side of the room, but the familiar odors were not there. Instead, the air was filled with a pungent, yet refreshing, aroma. Carolyn crossed to the table, breathing deeply of the unfamiliar scents. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93New recipes?\u8221\'94 How much had her sister learned in their year apart? How much had she learned herself that Kamery didn\u8217\'92t know yet?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking up, Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grey eyes were dark in the flickering light of the lamp. \u8220\'93Alchemy.\u8221\'94 Her bandanna was down for once, so Carolyn could see her smile. She gestured to the array of potions on the table, vials filled with brightly colored liquids. \u8220\'93I thought they might be useful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn nodded, impressed. She had known of Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knack for finding useful herbs, an instinct that she had had since childhood, but combining them into beneficial potions was a new skill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery held up a gleaming blue potion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This will help if you run out of mana.\u8221\'94 She spoke the word easily, but her tone indicated that she was mystified as to how the wellspring of magical power worked. A wave of her hand indicated a group of red potions on the table. \u8220\'93These are mostly for Raynn. Healing.\u8221\'94 She glanced up at Carolyn guilty. \u8220\'93Not that I doubt you. Just in case.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips curved upwards, her eyes sparkling. \u8220\'93Always good to be prepared. Besides, I might be too busy hitting things!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light laugh was refreshing, and Carolyn found herself joining in, as she watched her sister crush and mix herbs. With deft, precise movements, she added specific amounts to several vials, swirling each as she did. After a moment, the mixtures glowed briefly, and turned vibrant yellow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve missed you,\u8221\'94 Carolyn admitted, her throat tight. Kamery had pushed her to follow her dreams to Darnassus, but had it been too soon after their parents\u8217\'92 death? Carolyn studied her sister, wondering what else the past year had changed for her. Kamery had always been so independent, until her recent request for aid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery paused and looked up, her eyes shining as they met Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. \u8220\'93Me too,\u8221\'94 the rogue confessed. Stepping around the table, she hugged her sister, and the two held each other close for a moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Morning comes too quickly.\u8221\'94 Kamery reluctantly broke the embrace. She gathered up her alchemy materials, carefully stowing the finished vials in several soft leather pouches. The herbs and powders went away in their own sleeves and pouches, and everything was packed neatly into her magical backpack.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Morning comes too quickly indeed,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Carolyn thought, as she settled into bed, listening to her sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s familiar, even breathing across the room.}}