{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Prologue}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The contrast from the windswept, snow-covered mountains of Dun Morogh was incredible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Four years ago, she had emerged from a magical portal into Stormwind\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a bustling, sprawling city unlike anything she had experienced before. White stone building had towered all around, as far as she could see, standing free and proud, a sharp contrast to the mountainside homes of the Dwarves, or the rough tents and cabins of her childhood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alone and intimidated, she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stayed long\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only as long as it took her to learn about the gryphon-masters and the easy flight to Ironforge. A year ago, the Great Flood of Ironforge had prompted her return south. Still, despite being her father\u8217\'92s homeland, Stormwind\u8217\'92s grandeur occasionally overwhelmed her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn gave a genuine smile, her enthusiasm for the question apparent. With a swift motion, she reached up to her brow and removed something. The moment the light circlet came free, it shimmered into visibility, revealing the layers of magic woven into the golden band. Kamery\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened at the sight as Raynn held it up. \u8220\'93Enchanted, for protection and invisibility.\u8221\'94 Her voice was filled with a mixture of pride and appreciation. Kamery admired the craftsmanship, while simultaneously cataloging the intricate details for future research.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where did you get it?\u8221\'94 Kamery kept her voice light. \u8220\'93We get visitors from all over, but I can\u8217\'92t quite place your accent.\u8221\'94 As soon as she finished, Kamery knew that she had gone too far, too quickly. The tension in Raynn\u8217\'92s body was subtle, but unmistakable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From a friend.\u8221\'94 Her answer was terse, with an undercurrent of guardedness and, Kamery thought, pain. With a practiced motion, Raynn set the circlet back on her brow, removing it from sight once more. Honest, but not even close to the full picture, Kamery knew. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>3: Some Assembly Required<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Flying overhead on a hired gryphon, Raynn reveled in the familiar feeling of the wind on her face, blowing her ponytail out behind her. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ride much these days\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the gryphon masters of Stormwind had trained their charges well\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they would only fly where their master directed them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although her first such flight had returned her to the comfort of Ironforge four years ago, she had chafed at the restriction. She missed having control over the mount herself, as she had in her youth in Aerie Peak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Wildhammer Dwarves had taken her in as a young foster, when she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d had nowhere else to go, not long after her life had been completely shattered. She had enjoyed her time with them, but the three happy years of learning combat techniques, blacksmithing, and gryphon riding had ended abruptly. That, Raynn knew, she had brought on herself, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 despite upending her life again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she had no regrets for her actions that fateful day in Southshore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the well-trained gryphon circled in to land at its familiar perch, the approaching ground  pushed away her turbulent memories of her lost mentor, bringing her thoughts back to the current moment.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>6: It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Not Over Yet<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she walked along the canal towards the Dwarven District, Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind lingered on the past few days. They had come together well in a short time, fighting as one cohesive group. Raynn\u8217\'92s heart swelled at the memories, despite her now-conflicted thoughts about VanCleef and the Defias. They had gone too far, that was certain. But at the same time, she understood hopelessness and fighting against injustice with desperation. Memories of Thrall flooded her mind, of the Orcish Warchief\u8217\'92s quest to liberate his people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall had fought with honor though, Raynn reminded herself, remembering the Defias dreadnought filled with explosives that she and her companions had destroyed. And the Warchief had fought only when he had no other option. He had offered the internment camps a choice; it was the Humans who had refused him and forced his hand. Who had\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no, she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think about her parents now. Cold anger ran through her as she crossed the final bridge. She needed the blacksmithing hammer more than ever now, to pour her feelings into the metal instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The atmosphere of the Dwarven District was instantly soothing, reminding her of the happier times that had followed all of the turmoil.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>8: SI:7<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be afraid. She was proud of her upbringing, as unconventional as it may have been.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But explaining it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85she would have to admit her actions in Southshore. To explain that, she would have to explain what Grom and Thrall had meant to her. She closed her eyes briefly, swallowing hard against the myriad of emotions that thoughts of Grom always brought. Explaining would mean delving into the twisting, intertwining threads of herself, Grom, Thrall, and her parents. And that day, she did not want to relive, even in her own mind, let alone out loud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As her thoughts drifted too close to painful memories, Raynn pushed the past back to the darkest reaches of her mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw interrupted her, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. You\u8217\'92re not a threat. But I admit, your unconventional style drew my curiosity.\u8221\'94 He paused, as if deciding what to say next. Raynn waited silently, now curious herself. \u8220\'93Your accent\u8230\'85Lordaeron born?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded tightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92ve spent time with the Dwarves,\u8221\'94 Shaw added, studying her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This, she could answer fairly truthfully, so she offered him that, hoping it would be enough. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m studying with the blacksmiths in Ironforge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw nodded, accepting that for now. His eyes told her that he knew it went deeper, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t probe.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>12: Final Reports<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sound of Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boots rang out on the polished marble of the Stormwind keep floors. The gleaming white stone city was imposing; the keep was even more so. It had unsettled her so much on her first arrival four years ago that she hadn\u8217\'92t stayed long.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had come to learn about the city\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s history and its people, on the advice of the two people who had mattered most to her. However, overwhelmed by the unfamiliarity, she had almost immediately escaped on the easy flight north to Ironforge; she knew the Dwarven city had an extensive and well-maintained library, and her father had always spoken almost reverently about the smiths there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even since returning to Stormwind a year ago, she found solace both in the smoky comfort of the Dwarven district in Stormwind and in the convenient escape provided by the new Deeprun Tram, connecting the two cities with Gnomish ingenuity.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>15: On the Road<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Having grown up amongst the close-minded people of Lordaeron, she had been pleased to find that the Humans of Stormwind, her father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s people, were more open-minded. However, her father had also worked closely with the Dwarves in Khaz Modan. Later, living among them herself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in Dun Modr, then Aerie Peak, and finally Ironforge itself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she had become accustomed to their gruff ways and the heavy stone buildings that so many other Humans found oppressive. Although she didn\u8217\'92t live there permanently anymore, she loved Ironforge, and felt a sense of homecoming as the Tram rattled into the station.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dwarves had been proud allies during the war, until their lands had been overrun by the Orcish Horde. Raynn was proud that her father had been among those to help liberate this bustling city, only weeks after she had been born. Throughout her early life, he had done well to spend time with his young family, while still aiding the Dwarves in fully taking back their lands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her heart tightened as she remembered the smiling man who had first introduced her to the forge, when she had only been six years old, against her mother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s laughing protests. She hoped that he would have been proud of how far she had come, of what she had accomplished. She was here today for the culmination of that work, not to reminisce; those happy early days had been over too soon. Resolutely, Raynn pushed the bittersweet memories away and focused on the present.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>17: The Mithril Order<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The small port town was a haven of ruffians and pirates, but rough-looking Goblin bruisers, working for the Steamwheedle Cartel, kept the peace in the town. Years ago, Raynn had encountered similar guards, in the Cartel town of Ratchet, in Kalimdor. Although not much more than half her height, the green-skinned Goblins were tough and muscular, and could easily subdue even a massive Tauren.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>22: Mastery of Mithril<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She's a cruel mistress, is she not, Raynn?\u8221\'94 The Dwarf pulled out a nugget of glossy, liquid-like silvery metal. \u8220\'93I'm speaking of truesilver, naturally. Aye, Galvan spent over a decade in the mountains of Alterac learning this lesson.\u8221\'94 The mention of Alterac made Raynn\u8217\'92s heart clench briefly with memory, but she pushed it aside, focusing on the instruction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Succumbing to exhaustion, Raynn fell into a deep sleep right after finishing her meal. When she woke to the morning sunlight filtering through the trees, she was thankful that the sleep was deep enough to stave off nightmares. Her memories occasionally welled up in her sleep, when she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t aware enough to push them away. Although infrequent, those nights always left her exhausted and unsettled. She would need her focus for the upcoming work.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>25: Decisions<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sitting on the edge of her narrow bed in the Booty Bay Inn, Raynn stared at the large map mounted on the wooden wall opposite her. Built from a half-grounded ship, the inn creaked and swayed with the movement of the ocean outside. The salty tang of sea air pervaded the cramped room, tucked in the bow of the vessel. The narrow space made the map easily viewable, and Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes wandered over the familiar reaches of Kalimdor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The routes of the ships from Booty Bay were traced out in red, overlaying the standard map of Azeroth. The direct route, of course, would be the southern route\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to Steamwheedle Port, on the eastern coastline of Tanaris, and then just a short trip along a well-traveled road through the desert to Gadgetzan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her eyes kept returning to the northern line though, as it traced the route to Ratchet, in the Barrens. She knew from experience that it was just a short trip down the coast from the Goblin town to Theramore. To Jaina Proudmoore. Her fingers twisted in the worn fabric of her bedding as her heart ached at the memory.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Raynn stood between Jaina and Thrall as the three looked down on the now-deserted Northwatch Hold. Admiral Proudmoore, Jaina\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s father, had recently waged war on the Horde from that fortress, and others along the coast, including usurping Jaina\u8217\'92s own neutral town of Theramore.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Raynn, along with the other inhabitants, had huddled on the upper floor of the inn, watching through the windows as the Horde entered the town and their leader, Rexxar, had entered Jaina\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s tower, which hadn\u8217\'92t been Jaina\u8217\'92s at that time.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 The Orcs had outmatched Proudmoore\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s forces, and Jaina had ordered Theramore\u8217\'92s own guards to stand down. There was an uneasy truce in most parts of the town, with the exception of the tower. Eventually, Rexxar had emerged, victorious, and led his warriors away.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Jaina had emerged, and told them Theramore was safe once again; that they were once more at peace with the Horde. Relieved, the townspeople had resumed their lives.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 But the incident had changed Jaina\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s attitude towards Raynn. Now, she and Thrall were telling Raynn that she should travel to Stormwind, and find her heritage, among her father\u8217\'92s people.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Thrall laid a heavy hand on her shoulder. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93There is value in knowing one\u8217\'92s past. Do not let your perceptions always be colored that day. Our paths will cross again; the bonds we\u8217\'92ve forged will endure.\u8221\'94 His look included all three of them.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Jaina held out a circlet, intricately wrought of gold. With a smile, she explained, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I know you hate wearing a helmet in practice. Someday, you will find a real battle. This is enchanted; it will protect you as well as any helm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 At Raynn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s doubtful look at the glinting metal, she added, \u8220\'93It will also be invisible when you wear it. But only then\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 \u8221\'94 her eyes sparkled teasingly \u8220\'93\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 you wouldn\u8217\'92t want to forget where you left it now, would you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glancing over at the circlet, now laying on the small table beside her bed, Raynn smiled at the memory, her eyes glistening. Jaina had always been perceptive and thoughtful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had been resentful then, feeling rejected by the two people she admired and trusted the most. Looking back now, she could admit that they had been right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After Admiral Proudmoore\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s death, Jaina had been cut off from her homeland entirely. She had been in command of a far-flung, unsupported outpost, with only the most tenuous of peace agreements with the Horde. Proudmoore had shown that it was only too easy for the old tensions to flare up again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thrall had likewise faced the same situation. Raynn had longed to join him in Orgrimmar, but there were too many in the Horde who held lingering resentment, or even hatred, towards Humans. She wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been safe there, and she knew he had felt an obligation to protect her still.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, it had been for her own safety, and her own growth, that they had sent her away. And she had taken their advice; both had suggested she learn about her father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s people, about the Humans of Stormwind, not Lordaeron, and she had. First, from the more comfortable libraries of the Dwarves, but then later in the libraries of Stormwind itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had met good people in Stormwind too, she realized. Carolyn, the priestess with the warm smile and the penchant for melee. Elthas, the exuberant feline druid. Bryna, the quick-minded mage. Even Kamery, the too-curious rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a fond smile, Raynn made her decision. She would take the longer route, and she would go thank Jaina.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>26: Destination: Theramore<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Theramore\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s main gate came into view shortly, and Raynn felt a brief moment of panic, but she pushed it away. She knew why Jaina had sent her away; knew that it hadn\u8217\'92t been personal. And now, she was more than capable of protecting herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passing into the familiar town, she wondered if much had changed in four years. The tower was still there, a solid, comforting presence in the center of town. The travelers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 inn stood to the left of the entrance, warm light spilling from its windows. She would stay there tonight, rather than the other inn that she had lived in before, which was for townspeople only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But beside that other inn stood the stables, so, passing the blacksmith\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s with a glance, Raynn brought her horse to the open-fronted structure for a rest. Scuffing the remains of the mud off her boots in the straw, she walked back past the blacksmith\u8217\'92s again. Emotions tumbled within her as she regarded the building, and she couldn\u8217\'92t quite identify how she felt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first, she had been recovering from injury, and the healers had forbidden her from any physical activity. Even when she had recovered though, the town\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blacksmith had absolutely refused to apprentice her; Marie had said that she was too young, but she had been a year older than the boy the woman took on a few weeks later. Raynn had been angry at the time, knowing that she already knew more about the trade than the lad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When she had been allowed to begin training again, she had poured all of her rage into the target dummies by the citadel on the other side of town. The soldiers there had been appalled at the wild strikes that she had learned from Grom Hellscream, calling it a loss of control, even though every movement had been precise and balanced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She felt a twinge of sadness at the memory of Grom. Bound by a blood oath to protect her, he had fought fiercely against the bloodlust in her presence. Pressing a hand to the scar on her side, she wondered what might have happened to her if she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been injured and sent away with Jaina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Theramore\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s soldiers, at least, had taken her in and taught her, she realized, with one last glance at the smithy. And the Dwarves had taught her more about blacksmithing than she ever would have learned here; she was certain that her skill surpassed Marie\u8217\'92s now. She had learned to move past old resentments too, and she turned her attention to the path leading into the tower.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But before Bryna could say anything, Jaina gave a happy exclamation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Raynn!\u8221\'94 The arch-mage rose and swiftly crossed to the warrior, drawing her into an embrace. To Bryna\u8217\'92s surprise, the usually stiff warrior didn\u8217\'92t recoil, but instead returned the embrace warmly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jaina,\u8221\'94 Raynn was smiling easily. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s good to see you again.\u8221\'94 She noticed Bryna then, and her amber eyes widened in surprise. \u8220\'93Bryna?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hesitated to name the target of their less-than-legal intervention in Stormwind, Bryna noted. Raynn seemed to trust Jaina implicitly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you two know each other?\u8221\'94 Bryna asked instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Raynn stayed here for a while when she was younger,\u8221\'94 Jaina told Bryna, which just opened up more questions, but the arch-mage moved on to answer Raynn\u8217\'92s query. \u8220\'93Bryna came here to study.\u8221\'94 She indicated the bookshelves lining the walls of the office. \u8220\'93Her friends showed up not long after, investigating\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She sighed wistfully before continuing. \u8220\'93I had arranged for Varian Wrynn and Thrall to meet, to discuss a more lasting peace.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, reflecting surprise and an unmistakable surge of excited hope that caught Bryna off guard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina continued though, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Varian\u8217\'92s ship disappeared en route to Theramore.\u8221\'94 Raynn\u8217\'92s shoulders slumped in disappointment, but her face was thoughtful as she listened to the rest of the story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn shot an apologetic glance at Jaina. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I spent the first three years in Ironforge,\u8221\'94 she admitted suddenly, confusing Bryna again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina smiled understandingly though. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You did return to Stormwind though, it seems?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Dwarves have a good library,\u8221\'94 she added defensively. \u8220\'93I learned a lot there too. About Stormwind and\u8230\'85the liberation of Khaz Modan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna tried to follow the conversation, but there was a lot being left unsaid, and she realized that she was watching the reunion of two close friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Surprising, as she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t realized Raynn allowed anyone close to her. She wondered briefly if Shaw knew about this connection, but immediately dismissed the thought. Shaw\u8217\'92s curiosity didn\u8217\'92t matter, on the matter of Raynn\u8217\'92s background, at least.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina broke the moment of quiet understanding between herself and Raynn suddenly, reaching up to touch the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s temple lightly. Feeling something there, she gave a delighted smile. \u8220\'93You still have it?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face broke into another genuine smile as she nodded. \u8220\'93Of course!\u8221\'94 She reached up, and to Bryna\u8217\'92s surprise and fascination, she pulled off a magical circlet, the gold band shimmering into existence as it came free.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaina looked at the object for a moment, then held out her hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see if I can improve on my old work.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>29: The Caverns of Time<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 he gestured to a time-way winding into vaguely familiar rolling hills \u8220\'93\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is the time-way to Hillsbrad of the past\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 seven years to be exact.\u8221\'94 Of course, Bryna realized, the terrain reminded her of the area surrounding Dalaran\u8217\'92s crater. Carolyn and Kamery looked mildly interested; Elthas seemed a bit confused, but accepting. Raynn, however, had been tense since they had approached the miniature landscape, and now she appeared deep in thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Andormu continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forces are working against the Horde Warchief, Thrall, attempting to prevent him from ever escaping Durnholde Keep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn drew in a sharp breath at that, and even Elthas stopped his pacing. Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind turned over the implications. The Horde had been a destructive force, but hadn\u8217\'92t most of that been in the early days of the Wars? There had been skirmishes between Alliance and Horde for as long as she could remember, but Jaina had thought that Varian and Thrall could forge a lasting peace, until the King had disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If Thrall never escapes, this world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as you know it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 will cease to exist.\u8221\'94 Andormu\u8217\'92s warning was ominous, but vague. Bryna racked her memory for why, but it seemed that at least two of her companions knew that answer. Raynn and Elthas were both nodding their heartfelt agreements with the statement. A glance at Kamery and Carolyn told Bryna that the twin sisters were just as mystified as she was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn had already started forward though, as Andormu directed them into the time-way, telling them to find the bronze dragon agents already inside. Bryna followed, bracing herself against the disorientation that came with time travel, and the five emerged into a shallow cave overlooking the Hillsbrad Foothills.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>30: Escape from Durnholde<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were here for a mission though, the druid reminded himself, returning his attention to the others in the cave. He could see that the Humans from Stormwind were confused, and wondered how much they knew of the history of Kalimdor. Of all of Azeroth, really, he realized.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn had seemed more familiar, reminding Elthas of his first impressions of the warrior and how she had reminded him of Kalimdor. It had been at Mount Hyjal, in Kalimdor, that Thrall, and the Horde, had been instrumental in defeating Archimonde and turning back the invasion of the Burning Legion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greetings,\u8221\'94 a bronze dragon greeted them. \u8220\'93I am Erozion. Here, the Infinite flight has kidnapped Taretha Foxton, daughter of the secretary of Aedelas Blackmoore, ruler of Durnholde and overseer of all internment camps on Azeroth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At Erozion\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mention of Blackmoore\u8217\'92s name, Raynn\u8217\'92s hands tightened into fists. This was personal for her, Elthas realized.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Taretha who created the original diversion at Durnholde, allowing Thrall to escape,\u8221\'94 Erozion continued. \u8220\'93Now the Infinite have captured Taretha. The diversion will not happen without your involvement. You must use these incendiary devices to burn down the internment lodges.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn took the proffered sack as soon as it was offered. Her step was firm and determined as she led the way out of the cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Watching Raynn lead the way through the foothills with easy confidence, Bryna realized,}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  She knows where she is going. She\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s lived here.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91She lived here a few years ago,\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Jaina had said in Theramore. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 A few years ago? The Orcish liberation, the voyage to Kalimdor, this was only a few years ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You traveled to Kalimdor with Jaina?\u8221\'94 Bryna asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She startled them all, of course. Raynn seemed to be considering the question carefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 she eventually answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But then, how\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery interrupted Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s next question with a sharp gesture. \u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 the rogue said. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s here now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two had reached some sort of agreement, Bryna realized. But her mind kept working. There had only been two groups that had traveled to Kalimdor at that time. The regular ships back and forth hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come until much later.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s guidance through the unfamiliar landscape, the small group reached the solid stone walls of Durnholde Keep in no time. The warrior had led them in a circuitous path that had skirted a small town, and kept them out of sight of several watchtowers. She knew this territory well, Kamery realized, and in this time period also, not in its present-day Scourge-ravaged and Forsaken-occupied state.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They want a distraction. We\u8217\'92ll give them one.\u8221\'94 The warrior\u8217\'92s voice was tight and hard, but controlled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not suicidal, no, but she efficiently cut a path through the defenses of the keep with a cold ruthlessness that matched even the most hardened assassins of SI:7.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t touch the Orc prisoners though, Kamery noticed. The Orcs, deep in their lethargy, paid the group little heed, only shuffling quietly out of the way if they were too close to a melee. Their apathy made Kamery\u8217\'92s heart ache; she had heard about the strange malaise, of course, but seeing it firsthand was completely different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Orcs watched listlessly as Raynn entered the first hut with her satchel of incendiary charges. The others waited at the door, watching for approaching guards. A handful of Orcs stood around the stove at the end of the meager room. As she set the first charge, Kamery saw Raynn say something to the Orcs. They looked at her curiously, but, the rogue realized, not in confusion; they understood her words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Raynn turned back to rejoin the group at the front entrance, the Orcs shuffled slowly out of the smaller door at the back of the hut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t they interfere?\u8221\'94 Bryna asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94 Raynn\u8217\'92s answer was soft, her voice and face sad. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 She feels more for the Orcs than the Humans here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Four more charges, and they were done. Triggering the charges, Raynn watched in grim satisfaction as the crude huts exploded. The Orcs here would join Thrall in his search for the free clans, and would eventually return to help him liberate the rest of his people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For now though, it was Thrall himself who needed liberating. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t spoken much of his escape, she realized, as she led the way up to the main keep. Many of the guards had been drawn out to fight the fires below, and those who remained were no match for her determination as she cleared a path to the basement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The crude cell made her heart break, and a quick glance at her companions showed that they were likewise affected. She was relieved that they had abandoned their earlier doubts.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Keeping a stand of fir trees between themselves and the nearby watchtower, Raynn led the group across a small field.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What if we didn\u8217\'92t do this?\u8221\'94 Carolyn had mused. \u8220\'93The Horde has done so much damage.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Varian wouldn\u8217\'92t have been traveling to Kalimdor to get kidnapped,\u8221\'94 Kamery had added, but her tone showed that she knew that wasn\u8217\'92t the only concern.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Raynn was about to speak, to give in to the emotions that this situation was rubbing raw, but it was Elthas who answered first.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 the druid stated firmly. \u8220\'93The Horde were instrumental in the defense of the World Tree.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Raynn had looked at the druid in surprise. She had forgotten how long-lived the Kaldorei were. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Were you there?\u8221\'94 Had he also met Thrall and Jaina?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 But Elthas shook his head. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No, I was too young. I heard it from the elder druids though. The Alliance and the Horde both, held back the demons long enough for us to summon the Wisps. No matter what they\u8217\'92ve done since, we can\u8217\'92t forget that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94 Thrall\u8217\'92s deep voice broke her from the memory. He didn\u8217\'92t recognize her, Raynn realized with a pang of sadness. But of course, they wouldn\u8217\'92t actually meet for another year. \u8220\'93Just leave me be.\u8221\'94 He sounded hopeless, not yet the Thrall she had known.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were few guards remaining to stop them as they made their way across the bailey and back out of the main gates. The ones that tried were quickly dispatched by Raynn and Thrall. They fought well together, Carolyn noticed, their movements complementing each other as they stood shoulder to shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warrior had been true to her word, and had progressed carefully through the entire incident, but Carolyn could still feel her roiling emotions. Towards the Orcs, Raynn had been sympathetic and kind, but she had dispatched the Humans opposing them with a bitter anger that chilled Carolyn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reaching the roadway outside the Keep, Kamery turned to Thrall. For all that Raynn had easily led them and spoken to the other Orcs in the camp, the warrior had seemed a bit at a loss with Thrall himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even noticed Raynn leave during the conversation, but now the warrior returned, leading a horse from the Keep\u8217\'92s stables. She handed the reins to Thrall, saying, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s no wolf, but it will have to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even Thrall seemed confused by the statement, but he mounted the horse awkwardly and spurred it down the road after Raynn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She swung her sword again, feeling Thrall to her left doing the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fighting next to him, the old habits came back, and she easily melded her moves with his, their swords swinging in an easy rhythm. Behind the dragon, Elthas and Kamery worked on its flanks. She knew that they had found a similar partnership in previous fights with closer quarters. Thrall, she suspected, would never attack a foe from behind. He, like her, preferred to face his enemies head-on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have erased their memories of this event,\u8221\'94 the bronze dragon explained. \u8220\'93They will continue to remember things as they should have occurred.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank, even as she understood the reasoning. It did explain why Thrall hadn\u8217\'92t seemed to know her when they did eventually meet, she realized, as Erozion returned them to their own time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn shook her head, setting her ponytail swaying. Elthas pulled his attention away from the hypnotic sight to listen to the warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s answer. \u8220\'93They wouldn\u8217\'92t have let us in anyway.\u8221\'94 Her voice was still distant, but the tightness had lifted. The warrior had a lot of anger and pain in her past, he realized. Perhaps, he hoped, looking around the reunited group, her friends would be able to help her heal.}}