{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stormwind was where Bryna found herself now, finding the city\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leaders decidedly less interested in the protection of the city. Arriving in the Mage\u8217\'92s Tower, she had been just another adventurer. She had made her way through the city without incident or recognition. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The sooner this business is done, the better.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 It wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t surprise me if Shaw could recognize me even through this illusion. I\u8217\'92d rather not find out how he reacts to being disobeyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stood in the throne room of the Keep, taking in the ornate details of the room with interest, even as her attention stayed on the two people facing her now. Ostentatious tapestries and banners hung from the walls, and gatherings of nobles stood around the edges of the room sharing meaningless gossip with no other purpose than to show off their latest finery. Growing up in the city, she had heard tales of King Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s court, but these opulent fripperies contradicted all of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In front of the now-unremarkable mage, Lord Bolvar Fordragon read over the missive that she had delivered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solomon paints a dreary picture. Still, we cannot afford to send our thinly spread troops to the aid of Lakeshire on speculation. I will need proof of these claims before I can act. Perhaps Lady Prestor will be able to shed some light on this situation.\u8221\'94 The formidable paladin deferred to the beautiful, but cold, woman standing beside him with speed that Bryna found disturbing. Her mind flashed back to Gryan Stoutmantle, in Westfall, and his determined defense of his land.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna had been disappointed to find only these two here. Raynn had said that when she had been here, Prince Anduin had stood with them; now that King Varian had returned, he should have been here, with, or even instead of, his two advisors. They had only told her that the King was \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91otherwise occupied.\u8217\'92 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Surely he hasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t forgotten the needs of his kingdom in his amnesia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Prestor looked at Bryna with irritation marring her fine features. Long black hair framed the Lady\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, and Bryna was suddenly glad that she had chosen lighter brown for her current illusion. She would not have wanted to share anything with this haughty noblewoman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would you suggest we lower our defenses here based solely on the word of some heat-addled riff-raff and a paranoid magistrate?\u8221\'94 One thin, shapely brow raised, as she condescendingly explained, \u8220\'93You are an unfortunate pawn, caught in the political theatrics that often unfold between common citizenry and royalty.\u8221\'94 She obviously seemed to include herself in the latter category. Bryna understood why Raynn had called her \u8216\'91unpleasant.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beside her, Fordragon seemed pensive. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps there is a solution to this dilemma that may put all our concerns to rest. I am empowering you as an acting deputy of Stormwind, authorized to investigate this matter further.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94 From a pouch on his belt, he extracted a document carrying an official seal and handed it to Bryna. Her hand took it automatically, even as her mind processed the absurdity of this \u8216\'91solution.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should you find indisputable proof,\u8221\'94 Fordragon continued, \u8220\'93return it here to me, and I will dispense sufficient military force to aid Lakeshire.\u8221\'94 At Fordragon\u8217\'92s instructions, Bryna felt the muscles in her jaw tighten to keep it from dropping open in disbelief. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Nondescript little me is what you send to investigate something of this import? You can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t possibly be taking this seriously. Well, if it\u8217\'92s proof you want, that\u8217\'92s what we\u8217\'92ll get you, then we\u8217\'92ll see\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her eyes narrowing, Prestor placed her hand on Fordragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s upper arm. The paladin stiffened slightly, and nodded dismissal to Bryna. Bryna realized it was taking more and more effort to keep her features placid. Usually the bland expression came so easily, but there was so much going on here, so many undercurrents that she couldn\u8217\'92t quite figure out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With one last covert glance around hoping to glimpse King Varian, Bryna turned to leave, disappointed to have not seen the King, and his lost memory, for herself. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Not that I would have been able to ask him how he lost his memory here and now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Prestor, however, hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite gotten the last word. \u8220\'93The world has enough \u8216\'91heroes,\u8217\'92 mage. I would recommend considering a new career path.\u8221\'94 Bryna forced herself to ignore the comment, focusing on steadily placing one foot in front of the other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she walked down the main corridor of the Keep, Bryna could feel the woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sneer on the back of her neck all the way to the main gates. It took all of her willpower to stay relaxed as she made her way alongside the winding canals of the familiar city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skirting Old Town, she kept close to the houses lining the way, hoping to stay out of sight of Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tower office beyond the low rooftops of the area. It was ridiculous to think that he would be able to identify her from his window, but she still felt a sense of relief when she reached the gryphon master and paid for the flight to return her to Lakeshire and her friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The flight would give her time to process and catalog the encounter. Although Prestor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attitude had rankled, she was aware of the supercilious nature of many of the nobles. Fordragon\u8217\'92s dismissal had been more of a disappointment though; she would have expected more of the paladin than to defer to the noblewoman, advisor or not. And where had Varian been?}}