{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While they absorbed that information, Varian pushed his chair back abruptly and stood. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Enough talk. We must act quickly.\u8221\'94 He looked from Broll to Kamery and Elthas. \u8220\'93The three of you did well in retrieving Ironfoe. I would have you do the same here, to protect my son.\u8221\'94 All three nodded their assent. Passing behind the King, Kamery and Elthas made their way to the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw stood also. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will accompany them, and see if we might sway Bolvar to aid us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened as he nodded. \u8220\'93Do not endanger Anduin, if Bolvar truly is ensorcelled.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw nodded, and the four of them filtered out of the cottage. The sun was still shining high overhead, and the branches overhead cast shifting shadows as they swayed in the light wind. With a parting glance at the overgrown vegetable patch, Kamery turned and followed Shaw and the druids northward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although the main gates of Stormwind were well-guarded, the city patrols were no match for the shadows that the four could hide in. They easily traversed the city, following the canal-side to their destination. Kamery paid little heed to the familiar cobblestones and white stone buildings, but she noticed Broll looking around with interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The druid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s curiosity became focus as they entered the Keep, Shaw leading them through the painting-lined marble halls. They passed by the throne room, but did not enter. As she looked in, Kamery saw three people standing on the dais in front of the throne.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A near duplicate of the Varian that she knew stood in the middle. He had no scars though, and his clothes were fine silks and velvets. To either side of him stood the noblewoman and paladin who must be Katrana Prestor and Bolvar Fordragon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw beckoned them onwards, and two turns later, they reached a modest study in the back of the Keep. Building onto the mental map that she had of the Keep, Kamery decided that they must be near the courtyard and library that they had visited earlier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they entered the bookshelf-lined room and Shaw emerged from the shadows, the young blond boy within barely startled. Kamery was impressed; he must be used to Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s comings and goings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My Prince.\u8221\'94 Shaw bowed. \u8220\'93Allow me to introduce my associates, Broll, Elthas.\u8221\'94 The druids both shifted out of feline form, which naturally pulled them into sight. They also bowed to the young prince. \u8220\'93Kamery.\u8221\'94 She followed suit, bowing to the wide-eyed Prince.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boy nodded his head gravely in greeting. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are we in danger?\u8221\'94 he asked. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Perceptive, indeed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaw nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, remain here for your safety. I must see to those in the throne room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anduin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened in a manner reminiscent of his father, but he nodded his agreement and Shaw left the study, beckoning Kamery to follow him.}}