{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Certainly! Here's the adjusted breakdown:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Prologue:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Arrival in Stormwind four years ago, feeling overwhelmed; left almost immediately for Ironforge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Grew up in rough cabins and tents; familiar with mountainside Dwarven homes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Stormwind is her father's homeland.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Returned to Stormwind after the Great Flood of Ironforge one year ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Memory of previous defeat and shadowy savior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Introduction of the circlet without revealing its source.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mention of her unusual accent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Chapter 3:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Raynn's love for flying and the contrast between Stormwind's gryphons and Aerie Peak's.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Brief mention of her early days with the Dwarves after the liberation of the Orcs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Introduction of the Wildhammers of Aerie Peak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Allusions to her life being shattered and decisions she made upending her life again}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Turbulent memories of a lost mentor}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Chapter 6:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s understanding of Thrall and the Horde (comparing and contrasting with the Defias).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Hint of her parents, with the memory pushed away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Dwarven District reminds her of happier times after all the turmoil.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Chapter 8:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Proud of unconventional upbringing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mention Southshore, Grom, and Thrall - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93intertwining threads\u8221\'94 of them and her parents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Identification of accent as Lordaeron born, with Dwarven influence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Chapter 10:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Revisit Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s first arrival in Stormwind, expanding on her reasons for being there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mention of two important figures who advised her to travel there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Personal connection with Magni (not really significant).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Chapter 14:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Focus on Raynn's father's role in liberating Khaz Modan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Emphasis on her connections with the Dwarves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Chapter 21:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mention of Alterac triggering memories without explicit details.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Emotional response from Raynn to the mention of Alterac.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Raynn's nightmares and the impact on her sleep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Chapter 24:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Raynn's connection with Thrall and Jaina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Reveal that she lived in Theramore and her time recovering from an injury.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Reveal that the magical circlet was from Jaina.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Chapter 25:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - More memories of living in Theramore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Memories of learning fighting techniques from Grom.\line - Remembering Thrall telling her about Grom\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sacrifice against Mannoroth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Chapter 28/29:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Heavy emphasis on Raynn's emotional turmoil about the internment camps.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **Chapter 30:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Raynn's nightmares wake the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Full revelation of Raynn's past: parents killed by Humans, misled a Human army in Hillsbrad, saved by Grom and Thrall (not named?), connection with Jaina, injured in Ashenvale, woke up in Jaina's camp, accompanied Jaina to Theramore, and eventually sent to Stormwind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Some Assembly Required<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two had been working hard to build a new peace in Kalimdor, a goal that she hoped they had found success with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the gryphon circled in to land, Raynn pushed the thoughts away, choosing instead to remember what }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4}