{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>37: The Generals<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Varian also seemed to be dealing most of his damage to that one, although his wild blows struck all three of their foes. Once again, his fighting style reminded her of Grom Hellscream. She wondered what the Human king would think of the comparison.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>41: Homecoming<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking around the plain homestead, Raynn felt a sense of solidarity with Kamery and Carolyn. Her own upbringing had been similar\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  simple but loving, yet ended with tragedy.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>43: The Prince and the King<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Launching herself forward, Raynn caught hold of the Prince, pulling him protectively close as her momentum carried them into a roll past the two Kings. She rose to one knee, Anduin finding his feet in front of her, as they watched as Onyxia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spell enveloped both Varians in shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Anduin\u8217\'92s voice broke as he reached out, but Raynn held him firmly. Whatever was happening to his fathers, it would do him no good to be caught in it himself. A brief flash of memory struck her, of being in the same situation herself, watching from concealment as her parents died. She bowed her head, resting her cheek on the boy\u8217\'92s blond hair in commiseration as he sagged in her arms.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>47: The Upper Spire<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rend Blackhand,\u8221\'94 she spat, and was rewarded by a snarl of acknowledgment. Raynn remembered standing on a low hill in Durotar, looking at the newly-build Orcish city.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Orgrimmar,\u8221\'94 Thrall told her it was called; named for the former Warchief of the Horde whose armor and weapon Thrall now wore. He told her of Orgrim Doomhammer, who had wrested control of the Horde from Blackhand and the Shadow Council, regaining their honor. Although Orgrim had fallen during the liberation of the Horde in the Arathi Highlands, not far from where Raynn\u8217\'92s own parents had died, his legacy lived on within Thrall, the new Warchief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smirking at the Orc before her, she switched to Rend\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own language. \u8220\'93False Warchief,\u8221\'94 she taunted in Orcish. \u8220\'93Son of a tyrant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was getting his attention now. She smiled grimly as she parried a furious swing of his polearm. Feeling Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s healing warmth spread through her body, she focused on keeping Rend\u8217\'92s attention. \u8220\'93Ur\u8217\'92gora.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rend became reckless in his fury at the insult, his blade swinging wildly. Behind him, Kamery dodged the flurry, then resumed her attacks. Elthas was less nimble, and hissed in pain as his left ear was lopped off. Holy light glowed over the wound moments later. No longer set on her heels, Carolyn had stepped to one side and was whispering healing spells once more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rend\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wild attack had left him out of position. Seeing her opportunity, Raynn thrust forward with her sword, driving it into his abdomen, exposed by his traditional war harness. With a grunt, he fell to his knees. His single red eye was fixed on her now, still glowing with hatred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pulling her sword free, Raynn stared into his scarred, hatred-twisted face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lok-tar ogar,\u8221\'94 she whispered. His eye closed, and he fell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn stood a moment longer, then dropped to her knees. Her head fell back, eyes closing, as emotions roiled through her. Although he was far from the first Orc they had fought, something had been different, facing the erstwhile Chieftain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She could feel her friends gathering around her in silent camaraderie. Opening her eyes, she saw Vaelastrasz was looking from one end of the room to the other, frowning at the closed gates in either direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking up at the spectators on the balcony above, she saw shock in their eyes, but also respect. One, who seemed to be their leader, inclined his head slightly. He gestured to another with one hand, his eyes not leaving Raynn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment later, the gate that they had entered from rattled open. Raynn nodded in return to the Orc. They had won the right to face the black dragon champion.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>48: Onyxia\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Lair<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn felt her resolve slipping away in the face of the onslaught, struggling to maintain her grip, to shield her friends and allies.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 "You must face the fury within you, Raynn. Embrace the power that courses through your veins.\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The words resounded in her mind suddenly, a long-forgotten echo from a tormented mentor. The memory of the wild blows, barely controlled, rose up in her. There was power there - a different kind of power than the carefully controlled defensive style that she had honed over the past years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shield dropped from its protective position as she took a more aggressive stance. The fear still echoed through her mind, but she embraced it. Drawing strength from it, she allowed it to boil up and out of her in an inarticulate roar of rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her voice broke through her allies\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 paralysis, spurring them to action.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Grimacing from the pain the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s razor-sharp claws were inflicting, Raynn swung her sword with all her strength and rage. Her parents, slain by their own kind, fueled by fear and hatred. Grommash, tormented by demons until his moment of death. Even Thrall, his memories of their battles erased by indifferent bronze dragons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Onyxia fell, her eyes losing the burning light. Raynn stood still for a moment, catching her breath, and gathering her thoughts. All of her losses, all of her anger, faded back away again, swept away under the friendship and camaraderie she shared with the jubilant group that now surrounded her. The feelings lingered, to be sure, but now under control. She knew she could harness them again, learn to master and use them, just as Grom had once instructed.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}}