{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Much later, the five adventurers found themselves gathered together in Mathias Shaw\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office overlooking Stormwind. Kamery stood quietly next to Shaw, her eyes taking in the assembled group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the other side of Shaw, Carolyn was smiling peacefully. The rogue was glad that her sister had stayed with her, rather than returning to her adventures in Kalimdor with Elthas. It was wonderful to be able to work together so often now, and Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s healing was a huge boost to the group. Pride flowed through Kamery at how far her sister had progressed in her priestly studies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The usual recipient of Caro\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s healing stood next to her, as if using the priestess as a shield to separate herself from Shaw. Kamery noted that Raynn also stood closest to the stairs. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Was that on purpose?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The warrior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s confidence showed in her pose, straight and tall, although perhaps a bit rigid now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was still uncomfortable around the perceptive master of SI:7. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m glad she told us her past; she\u8217\'92s a friend now, not just an ally. Perhaps someday, she\u8217\'92ll trust Shaw too. In the meantime, I won\u8217\'92t betray that trust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beside Raynn, Bryna was a contrast in attitudes. Her posture was relaxed and easy, the brim of her bright red hat shielding her eyes. Eyes that, Kamery had realized, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t miss much. Bryna could easily have trained for SI:7 herself, if she hadn\u8217\'92t been so magically gifted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Behind her, Kamery could feel Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s constant movement, pausing only at the occasional silent reprimand from Shaw. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s getting too close to that desk, not that there\u8217\'92s anything to hide on there.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Kamery felt her lips curve against her black bandanna as she thought about the exuberant druid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s antics. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 He probably feels cooped up in this room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, both Dragonflights agree, the Matron Protectorate of the Blue Dragonflight is the one to consult for magical artifacts?\u8221\'94 Shaw confirmed their reports, looking from Elthas to Bryna. \u8220\'93And you know where to find her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna nodded for the group. While the mage had broached their request with Soridormi, Andormu had approached Kamery, Carolyn, and Raynn, asking for their assistance in another time-way. After spending hours fighting feral Worgen and mindless Scourge in a distant keep, they had returned to find Bryna and Soridormi still deep in conversation.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ll ever get used to that.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Hours passed for us, but it was probably only a few minutes for them. At least they wrapped up quickly when we got back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When she had noticed their return, Bryna had come over to relay the good and bad news\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Bronze Dragonflight was unable to help, but she knew where to find one who might.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas had returned with similar news, not long afterwards. The Green Dragonflight had likewise been unable to provide answers, but had recommended the Blue Dragons as the masters of all things arcane. Broll had decided to remain in the Moonglade a while longer, while Elthas had returned with the information.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Absorbing their reports, Shaw wasted no time dispatching them once more, this time to Winterspring. Although he kept his face impassive, Kamery knew that the ever-inquisitive spy-master was disappointed that the urgency of the matter precluded a longer report on their past few months.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With their destination clear, Bryna sped them on their way with a portal to Darnassus, and they flew from there to the Goblin-run town of Everlook, in central Winterspring.}}