{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The Ashenvale forest enveloped Raynn and her orc companions as they ventured on their routine patrol near the road to Felwood. The familiar sounds of the wilderness accompanied their footsteps, creating a rhythm that echoed the tranquility of their surroundings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Abruptly, the peaceful atmosphere shattered as a malevolent force materialized. Tichondrius, the dreadlord, emerged with a calculated ambush, catching the orcs off guard. In the ensuing chaos, Raynn, though trained, found herself in her first real combat situation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sword clashed against demonic spear as Raynn fought valiantly, but Tichondrius's cunning proved overwhelming. In a swift, cruel motion, the dreadlord's weapon found its mark, impaling Raynn and leaving her defenseless against a tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As Tichondrius reveled in his sadistic triumph, the orcs, now scattered by the demonic assault, succumbed to the relentless onslaught. Death echoed through the once serene forest as Tichondrius mercilessly dispatched each member of the patrol.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Amidst the carnage, a shadowy figure emerged. Illidan Stormrage, his presence almost otherworldly, confronted Tichondrius with a deadly dance of blades. The clash between the demonic and the elven was fierce, culminating in Illidan's triumph over the dreadlord.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With the battleground now hushed, Illidan turned his attention to the wounded Raynn. Her form, still impaled by Tichondrius's weapon, bore the scars of her first taste of true battle. Illidan, his enigmatic nature momentarily softened, tended to Raynn's wounds, pondering the fate of this human caught in the crossfire of demonic machinations.}}