{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The camp at Refuge Point was small now, just a remnant of what Carolyn knew had once been there. She had read the stories of the exodus from Stormwind before her birth, when the Orcish Horde had first invaded Azeroth. The city had since been rebuilt, and its people had mostly returned. Some had remained longer in the north, helping the Dwarves reclaim their lands, but even many of those had left when the Scourge invaded Lordaeron. The once-proud Kingdom was now in ruins, overrun by the undead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had passed a few lingering signs of the past on their journey here. One farm, nestled in a low valley beyond the road, had been overrun by zombies, the creatures still searching for something among the lifeless farmhouse and barn. The creaking of the farm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s windmill had reached them on the wind, the lonely sound only emphasizing the desolation of the scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From the top of the ravine that sheltered the small Human encampment, Carolyn could see the structures of one of the old Orcish internment camps in the distance. It stood on upward sloping ground, firm against the steeper hills that surrounded the highlands to the north and east. Low wooden buildings were surrounded by a sturdy wall, and she wondered how the Orcish army had managed to breach the defenses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had done so, she knew, but her history lessons had been sparse on details, stating only that the Horde had re-emerged, freed their Orcish brethren, then fled across the ocean. She knew more from Kalimdor, she reflected, than she did from her own continent. Lordaeron\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s history had been lost to the past.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bringing her thoughts back to the present, Carolyn followed her friends down the sloping road into the ravine. The air was cooler at the bottom, out of the direct light of the sun. The highlands weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t overly warm, but after the cool dampness of the Wetlands, the sunlight had been harsh. She missed the wild forests of Kalimdor. Elthas\u8217\'92s mention of horses had reignited her old desire, and now, it seemed perhaps almost attainable.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You must learn more of our ways.\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The Kaldorei saber-master had told her when she had inquired about learning to ride the majestic cats. And she had, she reflected, with a fond glance at Elthas, who was exploring around the tents of the camp, with Bryna following bemusedly behind him. They didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even have an inn here, she noticed, wondering how people could live in just a tent. At least they had a gryphon master and a mailbox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery was at the mailbox now, checking for messages from Shaw, as always. While her apparent assignment now was simply to continue adventuring with her friends, there was always the chance that Stormwind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spy-master would recall her for some other task. As her sister pulled out a sealed envelope, Carolyn shook her head in disbelief. How had Shaw known where to reach her?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Absently tucking a stray strand of hair back in its knot at the back of her head, Carolyn approached the rogue. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A new assignment?\u8221\'94 she asked, as Kamery read the missive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery nodded, her eyes regretful. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s summoning me back. Alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn hugged her sister. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We knew this couldn\u8217\'92t last forever. Besides,\u8221\'94 she gave an impish smile, \u8220\'93I want to travel back to Darnassus. El has given me hope!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery laughed, returning the embrace briefly. She broke away, and tucking the letter away, pulled out her gold pouch. Extracting a handful of coins, she held them out to Carolyn. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he\u8217\'92s right, then you\u8217\'92ll need this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened at the proffered amount. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 she began, but Kamery cut her off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll take Bryna\u8217\'92s advice.\u8221\'94 She patted her full bag of herbs. \u8220\'93You were right; I can\u8217\'92t possibly use them all myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn smiled, accepting the gold and tucking it away in the pouch at her waist. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. I\u8217\'92ll find a way to repay you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery waved her promise away with a wave of her hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After all I\u8217\'92ve dragged you through\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her eyes darkened with regret\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m the one who owes you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn reached out and squeezed her sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re sisters.\u8221\'94}}