{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna nodded her agreement. They did fight together well, she decided, allowing her mind to wander to the future for a moment. There was a whole wide world to explore, and having a group of friends like this would certainly make the dangers more manageable. That was a discussion for another time though, so she put the thought aside for now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Raynn led the way out of the eerily-lit smelting chamber, the air shifted. Away from the stench of molten iron, it was fresh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 too fresh for this deep underground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sea,\u8221\'94 Elthas purred. Bryna blinked, realizing the druid was right. The air held a distinct saltiness that she knew well from growing up in Stormwind, overlooking the ocean.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another door blocked the way ahead, and once again Kamery approached it with her lock-picks. Something went wrong though, and the door exploded in a sudden blast that knocked them all down. Scrambling to her feet, Bryna looked around, shaking off her daze. She had been furthest from the door, and the others were still recovering. Kamery lay near the ragged portal, blood flowing from her temple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A shout from beyond drew Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention back to the doorway itself. A pair of Defias pirates, their rapiers drawn, were approaching. Raynn was still groggily staggering to her feet, dazed. Straightening her hat on her head, Bryna stepped forward, one of her favorite spells on her lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lead pirate let out a surprised bleat as Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spell transformed her into a sheep. She stumbled about, confused. Another spell, the frost sparkling off Bryna\u8217\'92s fingertips, struck the second opponent. He focused on her, running at her, but the frost wrapped itself into his limbs, slowing his movements. Bryna struck again, then danced backwards as he closed the distance. The pirate shook off the effects of the frost-bolt and charged once more. She swung her hands in a different spell, casting a nova of ice around herself, trapping his feet in place. Teleporting a few meters away, she cast two more frost-bolts, and he was finished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catching her breath, Bryna turned back to deal with the first pirate, only to find that her companions had recovered and had already done so. Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands glowed with golden light, and Kamery\u8217\'92s wound had closed completely. Beside the sisters, Elthas sat on his haunches, licking one paw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn gave Bryna an appreciative nod, and they turned their attention to the cavern now visible beyond the wreckage of the door. It was massive, and filled with deep water. Sunlight filtered in through a wide opening at the far end. Overhead, a bright red bird swooped at them with a loud squawk, then retreated to the far side of the ship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door opened onto a dock extending into the water, at the end of which loomed a massive dreadnought. Bryna sucked in her breath as her eyes scanned the armaments on the battleship. A lower deck encircled the ship, bristling with cannons, and catapults lined the upper deck. She had no doubt the inner hold of the ship was filled with explosive ammunition. The thing could level a city. Had been built to level a city, she realized, with a chill in her heart that had nothing to do with frost magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They want to destroy Stormwind,\u8221\'94 She breathed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We won\u8217\'92t let them,\u8221\'94 Kamery avowed. \u8220\'93We have to find their leader, and destroy this thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The group moved forward, crossing the creaking dock with determination. As they approached the end, nearing the ship, the Defias on board noticed them, and fired a cannon shot that destroyed part of the dock. The shot was mis-aimed, landing behind them, but Bryna, at the back of the group, could feel the warped planks buckle under her feet. Casting a quick spell, she teleported forwards a few meters, momentarily surprising Carolyn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With no turning back, the group surged up the boarding ramp and onto the lower deck of the ship. Pirates approached along the deck, four from either side, and the group was surrounded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn gestured Carolyn and Bryna towards the inner wall of the lower deck, and took a position in front of them. Kamery had disappeared from sight, but one of the pirates at the back of the left group suddenly crumpled, unconscious, hinting at her position. Targeting the pirate next to him, Bryna cast polymorph again, choosing a different version for variety. Now there were only two on that side to worry about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a broad slash of her sword, Raynn drew in the four to the right, raising her shield to block their counterattacks. Turning to put her back to the wall, Bryna flung frost at the remaining two now on her right, buying some time. Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heavy staff caught one across the midriff, knocking the wind out of him. Another swing sent him toppling over the side of the ship into the water below. Bryna cast an appreciative glance at the priestess beside her. Carolyn\u8217\'92s skill with the staff was impressive; Bryna had always considered hers nothing more than an extra source of magical power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn grunted in pain, and Carolyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention snapped back to the warrior, returning her focus to healing. Kamery and Elthas had finished off the remaining threat to Bryna\u8217\'92s right, and both were now circling around to tackle those on the other side. With a confirming glance at her new pet monkey, the mage turned her attention to the other side also.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn had managed to rotate the fight, so she now had her back to Bryna and Carolyn, with the Defias between her and the edge of the ship. Her ponytail swayed as she looked back and forth, watching all sides of the battlefield. Bryna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frost spells flew past her head, as Elthas and Kamery attacked from the flanks. Working in what was becoming a now-familiar unison, the group dispatched the opposition quickly. Raynn turned back to the two incapacitated Defias with a short chuckle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long will that hold?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not long,\u8221\'94 Kamery admitted, and Bryna nodded her agreement. The polymorph spell was a tricky one, easily broken and difficult to maintain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raynn nodded and, with a decisive sweep of her shield, broke the fragile spell. The disoriented pirate looked blankly at her for a moment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you swim?\u8221\'94 the warrior asked. The pirate nodded, and she smirked. \u8220\'93Good.\u8221\'94 Another quick thrust of her shield sent him overboard. A solid kick a moment later dislodged the boarding ramp from the ship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kamery roughly shook the final pirate awake, and posed the same question. At his confused nod, he met the same fate, and the group looked around the now-deserted lower deck to appraise their situation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elthas padded up and shifted out of feline form to speak. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a ramp up at the back of the ship. There\u8217\'92s only one person up there. I think it\u8217\'92s the captain\u8217\'92s cabin up top.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryna tipped her head back to look at the druid from under the brim of her had. She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even noticed him leave. The startled reactions of the others reassured her that she hadn\u8217\'92t been the only one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s finish this then.\u8221\'94 Raynn frowned, as she added, \u8220\'93Then we have to figure out how to destroy this thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s full of explosives.\u8221\'94 Elthas looked around the group, taking in their surprise at this fount of information. \u8220\'93I got curious.\u8221\'94 Giving Carolyn a pointed look down the length of his nose, he added, \u8220\'93It didn\u8217\'92t kill me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carolyn laughed, and after a moment, the others joined in. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Curiosity killed the cat. A Human saying; Carolyn must have told him that one.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Bryna remembered her first meeting with the druid, with his rapid questions and his fascination with her magical potential. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I wonder how often his curiosity got them into trouble in Kalimdor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their hearts and steps momentarily lighter, the group followed Elthas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lead, the druid prowling ahead of them in feline form. True to his word, they soon found the ramp leading upwards, and mounted to the upper deck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they reached the top of the ramp, Bryna noted that she and Carolyn appeared to be the only ones with Raynn, who was in the lead. The other two had slipped back into the shadows again, but she knew that they were taking strategic positions to strike from hiding when needed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their confident approach was shattered by a twang from above, followed swiftly by an arrow striking Carolyn in the shoulder. She hissed in pain, as her body twisted with the impact. Reacting quickly, Raynn moved in front of the priestess, her shield raised.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Left unprotected, Bryna swiftly raised a shield of frost around herself, chilling the air. Her instinctive reaction paid off, as a second arrow struck against the icy barrier, weakening it. The angle of attack was high, from above, she realized. Tilting her head to look from below the wide brim of her hat, she began to gather frost in her hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a grimace, Carolyn raised her own barrier, and, a moment later, one around Raynn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wiry man in black leather and red bandanna stood atop the cabin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s roof, a longbow in his hand, fitting another arrow. Bryna unleashed the frost-bolt. Dropping the bow VanCleef agilely leaped off of the roof to disappear into the shadows below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Raynn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ponytail swayed as she looked back and forth, trying to spot the Defias rogue. Behind her, Carolyn whispered a third spell in succession, and the tightness on her face eased.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}